<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Chapter 8</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../page_styles1.css"/>

  


<link href="../../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../../ihon0dvl.html">Rigel Black Chronicles
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Violet Matter

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="chap_7.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="../chap_8b.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    

    <p class="title">8a. Weighing of the Wands</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The day following Halloween, Rigel was ambushed in her own common room. The perpetrator, a petite blonde girl with soft blue eyes and a no-nonsense expression, barred her way to the common room entrance with the force of her gaze alone. She gave no care to Rigel’s protests that she had brewing to do, ushering her instead toward a low-backed couch by one of the fireplaces. Rigel sank slowly into the cushions, despair creeping into her soul. Her ingredients would shrivel in disuse, she insisted, and her knifes would get up to mischief if left alone too long. Her cautionary words were met with an unimpressed stare as her tormenter arranged a stack of folders on the table before them. When Rigel suggested that her cauldron might be missing her, Pansy fixed her with an exasperated frown.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Rigel, this is important. I promise you can go brew when we’re finished.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“We?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Millie is helping, too,” Pansy said. “There she is.” She waved the dark haired girl over and motioned for Rigel to make room for her on her other side.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She shifted toward the middle of the couch, feeling very much as though she’d walked into a trap she couldn’t see yet. Millicent came armed with yet another stack of folders, which she arranged beside Pansy’s. “Are we studying for something I’m not aware of?” Rigel asked, looking blankly at all the parchment before her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Yes and no,” Pansy said, smiling serenely at her. “These are dossiers.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Dossiers,” Rigel repeated. “On… me?” Morgana, she hoped there didn’t exist so much information on her in the world.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Millicent snorted. “On your <em class="calibre5"> competition</em>, Rigel. Obviously.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Obviously,” she muttered, sighing. She was not going to have time to brew today after all. Not if she wanted to make it to Draco’s dueling club later that afternoon as well.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“First up, the other purebloods. They are your biggest competition until the preliminaries are over. Victor Krum you’ve probably heard of, but don’t think his Quidditch ability is the only thing going for him.” Millicent pulled the file on top of her pile toward her and opened it. “This is a collection of his stats from last season. Ignoring the ones exclusive to Quidditch, his agility and reflexes are well above average, even for a professional Quidditch player. His training reports all note that Krum is absolutely ruthless when going after the snitch, so we can expect him to be pretty cutthroat in the tournament as well.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“How are you getting this information?” she asked, a bit alarmed. “And <em class="calibre5"> when?</em> The participants were only announced last night.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Here and there.” Millicent shrugged. “A lot of it is public record. And we’ve been compiling information on the most likely candidates in each category since the committee began taking submissions.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I thought the committee’s process was confidential,” Rigel said.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Millicent cleared her throat, but pointedly did not answer the unspoken question. “In any case, let’s look at his academic performance now. Krum is quite gifted at Transfiguration and the Dark Arts, by all accounts. Don’t look so alarmed,” she added, seeing Rigel’s uneasy face. “Dark Arts is what they call Defense Against the Dark Arts at Durmstrang. They do teach the theory and some practical uses of the Dark Arts to the upper years, but most of the curriculum is just like ours-familiarization and protection against it. Now, Krum is highly favored by his Headmaster, which is likely how he was selected as the Durmstrang representative. That said, his own family has a good deal of influence in Bulgarian politics as well. Got all that?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel must have nodded without realizing it, as Pansy was quick to move on.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Next we have Feiyan Shang,” Pansy said, picking up a file of her own. “You can read about each of them in more detail tonight, and we’ll quiz you at breakfast tomorrow.” That sounded like an awful use of her time, but Rigel knew better than to argue with Pansy while she was in the midst of an explanation. “Shang is arguably the most pureblooded candidate in the competition. She might have the purest blood in the country right now, in fact. It’s difficult to say, because Chinese records any older than the Qin dynasty are notoriously difficult to verify. Her family claims to date back to the Shang dynasty, of the great Nuxiu’s line, and rumor has it she may also be descendent from Qin Shi Huang himself on her mother’s side.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Millicent broke in. “No one can prove that, of course, as the ancient wizard went into hiding after faking his death and his descendants lived in obscurity to protect the secrets of their magical heritage.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Just so,” Pansy agreed. “Still, she is not someone you want to offend. Her father is a public figure in the court of the Chinese high mystics. As to her personal skills, we don’t know much. Chinese wizards tend to specialize in Herbology, Potions, Runes, and Alchemy, but we’re still working to gather information on Shang’s particular strengths. There is no established magical school for China, as families tend to train their own sons and daughters exclusively, so we’re relying on Millie’s international connections and certain other students with foreign affiliations for information on her.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What about muggleborns?” Rigel asked, frowning. “Do they not get schooled?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There is some debate,” Millicent said, grimacing back at her. “The Chinese claim there <em class="calibre5"> are</em> no muggleborns in their country. Some scholars suspect that anyone discovered with magical ability in China who is not of the established lines is either adopted into one or made to… disappear. China is one of the few countries where the muggle government is not appraised of the existence of magic at all, so it’s a lot harder to hold their wizards accountable for their interactions with the muggle community.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel felt sickened. If that were true, it meant blood inequality was not only prevalent outside of Magical Britain, but <em class="calibre5"> worse</em> in at least one place.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“As you know, the next candidate, Fleur Delacour, is one quarter Veela, which is why she was placed in the halfblood category instead of the pureblood. She is one of Beauxbatons’ top students, and her motivations for entering likely rest on the promised world tour. She has repeatedly expressed the ambition to travel and learn other languages among her close friends.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“How do you <em class="calibre5"> know</em> this?” Rigel asked again. “Pansy, tell me true: are you a Legilimens?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Legilimency is such a touch-and-go art,” Pansy said airily. “People lie to themselves, too, you know. There is little information that careful questioning of multiple reliable sources can’t confirm, however. Where was I? Delacour is particularly adept at Charms and Care of Magical Creatures, with a strong interest in Curses and Countercurses that is bolstered by a relatively high level of natural intelligence. Then there is her Veela Charm. It’s weak, compared to a fully fledged Veela, but it <em class="calibre5"> will</em> distract you if you let it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Noted.” Rigel would keep her Occlumency strong in Delacour’s vicinity.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Now Matheus Sousa,” Millicent said. She waggled her eyebrows. “It is currently unclear how he was selected for this competition. He had glowing recommendations in his application package, but according to a couple of witches I know at Castelobruxo, Sousa is persona non grata there. He’s apparently quite gifted, but hardly attends classes. He’s some kind of potions prodigy, to hear these two tell it, but they also say he’s been repeatedly caught with contraband ingredients and is always causing trouble for the school. Still, you can expect him to be knowledgeable about Herbology and Potions, and he may be at an advantage in the first task, as his school is situated in the Amazon jungle, somewhere in the northern part of Brazil.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The last halfblood is Antiope, born Aileen Ross, originally from Scotland,” Pansy said, reading off the respective file. “Apparently, she’s related to Professor McGonagall through the professor’s maternal line. McGonagall’s grandmother attended Chalcioecus and became one of the Athenai with the name Minerva. That name was passed down to our professor, though she declined to attend Chalcioecus herself. Antiope’s school is on an unplottable acropolis in Laconia, and what we know for sure is it’s all-female and emphasizes the manifestations of Athena in its teachings.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Scholar, warrior, maiden,” Rigel recited. “I can certainly see the warrior aspect. Antiope is very straightforward and quick to rise at any perceived slight.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Yes, she’s likely extremely competitive,” Pansy agreed. “She’ll be well-trained in Charms and Transfiguration, and her Dueling will be flawless. We’ve gathered that Chalcioecus doesn’t focus on Arithmancy, Runes, or Alchemy, as those are viewed as male arts and largely emphasized in the equivalent all-boys school in Laconia.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The competition may not test those subjects in any case,” Rigel said thoughtfully. “Charms, Defense, Transfigurations-those are the showy fields, and people will expect the tasks to focus around them.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“True,” Pansy allowed. “Now the muggleborns. Millie?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Millicent frowned at the file in her hand. “Jacob Owens. The other candidates all submitted family trees back several generations at least, so that the tournament coordinators could verify blood status against public records, but he didn’t submit anything for his family. I suppose they figured as a muggleborn it wasn’t necessary. His grades are consistently good, extracurriculars an impressive mix of academic and athletic, and those who know him at school say he’s well-liked and rather boring.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“So what’s the problem?” Rigel asked, eyeing her unsatisfied expression.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Boring people don’t end up in international tournaments, generally,” she said, scowling. “I just have a feeling he’s too good to be true. I’ll keep digging.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Next is Hermione Granger-” Pansy began.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Don’t,” Rigel said firmly. “She’s a friend.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Why should that matter?” Pansy asked, raising her eyebrows.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s a competition, Rigel,” Millicent reminded her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Hermione isn’t used to this sort of thing-politics and rumors and people digging into your background for no other reason than to better understand you. If she knew I was doing this, it would make her uncomfortable, and I care if she is uncomfortable.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Pansy’s eyebrows managed to climb higher, but she put the file aside without another word and moved on. “The last one is Tahiil Diric Zahi from Majeerteen. At first we thought he was representing Uagadou, but he’s not registered as a student there. Millie believes he’s likely from one of the smaller villages within the Majeerteen Sultanate, but obviously not actually part of the Majeerteen Clan itself, or he would have received an invitation to Uagadou.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It doesn’t help that Somalis don’t keep traditional records with family surnames,” Millicent complained. “Just knowing that Tahiil’s father’s name was Diric and his grandfather’s Zahi isn’t enough to really pinpoint his origin. As far as abilities, though, he will have been trained by his village elders if any were magical. Otherwise, he’ll be self-taught. It’s strange that he’d even have heard about the tournament, not being affiliated with any major magical school and without apparent political connections to pass the word. We’ll keep an eye on him as well, just in case.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The two girls looked at her expectantly, so Rigel said, “Thank you for putting all that together. I’m sure it was a lot of work, and I appreciate your help.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Pansy fixed her with stern look. “We <em class="calibre5"> will</em> be quizzing you. Read the rest of it, Rigel.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She conjured a fabulously insincere smile. “At the very first opportunity.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Millicent laughed. “See, this is why you get sat down like a child and lectured to-because we <em class="calibre5"> know</em> you won’t read any of it on your own.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel gave up a sheepish grin. “I am grateful to have friends who know me so well. I know you guys are working hard to help me succeed. Sorry if I don’t seem appreciative.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“We don’t need you to be appreciative,” Pansy said, eyes fond. “We just want you to survive this tournament. We can’t help you once you’re out there in the forest, but we can help you prepare. Draco has already written his father this morning, demanding information on the upcoming tasks for you. Edmund is putting together a compendium of magical creatures used in past tournaments similar to this one. Blaise was looking secretive, but I know he’s got an idea or two as well. The point is: you’re not alone in this.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She felt a warmth in her chest like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. “Thank you,” she said, wishing she knew how to convey the depth of her appreciation in a way that wasn’t foolish.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Millicent rose, fanning herself sardonically. “Stop, Rigel. You’re making me blush.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel laughed. “It’s a curse,” she told the girl. She helped Pansy collect the stack of folders, but plucked Hermione’s out and requested, “Burn this, please. I’m sorry you went to the trouble.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Pansy pursed her lips, but nodded, accepting the folder back while Rigel carried the rest of them toward her dorm room. Draco was sprawled on his four-poster, scrawling furiously on a piece of parchment, ink flying precariously close to his face.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What did that essay ever do to you?” she asked, amused.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He looked up distractedly, and she saw there was indeed a drop of ink on his cheek. “It’s a letter.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Someone must have offended you grievously,” Rigel remarked, eyeing the disheveled handwriting. “It looks like you poked through the parchment in several places.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco blinked and scanned the page, scowling. “Damn. I’ll have to rewrite it.” He pushed it aside with a sigh and stood with a stretch. “Pansy give you the rundown, then? She’s been waiting all week for the announcement so she could impress you with her investigatory skills.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Really?” Rigel frowned down at the folders she’d dumped on her bed. “I’m afraid I could have been less churlish about listening.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“She won’t be offended,” Draco said, waving off her guilt. “Pansy gets you.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel sort of doubted that, but she did think it was sweet of her friend to try. Now that the folders were dealt with, she gathered her bag once more and was about to walk out of the dorm when Draco stopped her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You’re not going to your lab now, are you?” He looked quite put out at the idea. “It’s the first Dueling Club meeting today.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I remember,” Rigel said, adjusting the strap on her bag. “It isn’t for another hour, right?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“So you were going to brew a potion in the next forty-five minutes?” Draco’s voice was dripping with sarcasm. “What are you working on? A Boil Cure?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She made a face at him. “I was thinking I could at least get the cauldron treated and the ingredients set up-”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Or you could come with me to set up for the meeting,” Draco suggested. His eyes widened entreatingly and the hopeful smile on his face was pure, unregulated warfare.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel felt her shoulders droop. Brewing would have to wait until that evening, it seemed. “Sure, Dray. What are you planning for this one?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco’s face was a picture of contentedness as he told her of his plans. He didn’t seem entirely sure how many people were going to attend, which was one of the reasons he wanted to get there early. Chances were at least a few people would have trouble finding the place. That, at least, Rigel could help with.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She walked with her friend to the seventh floor, but told him to go ahead inside and get it set up while she watched the door. “I’ll make sure no one gets in who shouldn’t,” she promised. “You gave them all a password, right?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Duck Agency,” he said, a bit embarrassed. “It was Pansy’s idea. Every week it’ll be something innocuous or silly that D.A. could stand for.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Duck Agency it is,” Rigel said, smiling. “Do you think I can convince Ron he has to quack to get inside?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco’s eyes lit up with humor. “I’ll give you a Sickle if you can.” He disappeared into the Come and Go Room, and Rigel took up a station outside. She’d told Draco she was going to practice using her sensing ability to monitor anyone approaching, but in reality she wasn’t skilled enough to tell the difference between individual people, yet, so she took out the Marauder’s Map and let her eyes roam over the hallways around her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The first to arrive was Pansy, of course, and she smiled at Rigel as she approached. “Has he worked himself into a nervous frenzy?” she asked.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“If he hasn’t rearranged the room three times by now, that boy isn’t Draco Malfoy,” Rigel said. “Calm him down, won’t you?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Don’t ask me for miracles.” Nevertheless Rigel knew Pansy would try.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Weasleys arrived next, Ron apparently engaged in a furious argument with his older brothers over whether or not Draco was having him on.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You can walk about all day, but we’re telling you, Ron,” Fred was saying quietly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There is no room in this corridor,” George agreed. “We’ve been over every inch of this castle.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Well, it doesn’t hurt to look again,” Ron said. He spotted Rigel loitering and broke into a jog. “Rigel! Tell these two that there really is a… <em class="calibre5"> Duck Agency</em> up here.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel gave her best mysterious smile. “Only if you say it in Duck.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What?” Ron’s face began to turn red. “Look, is this a joke or not?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Quack?” Rigel said, tilting her head in affected confusion. “Quack quack?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Uh… quack.” Ron muttered weakly, looking entirely certain that he was being pranked.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Right this way,” Rigel said, stepping to the side and gesturing to the nondescript door behind her. The twins had caught up to their brother at this point, but had nothing to say as Ron pushed the door open and revealed the cavernous space beyond.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Blimey. This is brilliant,” he said, flashing Rigel a grin. He disappeared inside and Rigel turned expectant eyes on the other two.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Are you here for the Duck Agency?” she asked, smiling at their dumbfounded confusion.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“This was not here before,” Fred declared.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Did you somehow conjure a new room inside Hogwarts?” George asked, staring at her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What? No. Why do people keep assuming…?” Rigel shook her head with a laugh. “This has been here all along. It’s normally hidden, though.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Their faces cleared in understanding. “There’s a password?” Fred said excitedly. “Or a secret action? Like the kitchens!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Almost,” Rigel agreed. She leaned closer and lowered her voice. “I’ll tell you the secret, if and only if you promise to use it well.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“We promise,” George vowed, taking Fred’s hand and placing it over his own heart. “Tell us, oh wise one.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The room only comes to those who need it,” Rigel revealed, quite enjoying herself. “If you have something you require, simply walk past this stretch of wall three times while thinking of what you need, and the Room of Requirement will appear with whatever it is.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Their eyes were like saucers. “It… <em class="calibre5"> changes?</em> ” George sucked in a breath. He and Fred exchanged a glance and they both exhaled. “Wicked.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She bowed them through the doors and resumed her monitoring of the map. Closer to the appointed time, regulars of last year’s club began trickling toward her station. Some, particularly the older students like Rosier and Rookwood, were surprised by the presence of a room along a corridor they had walked before, but most simply shrugged it off as one of Hogwarts’ eccentricities.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Neville brought Seamus Finnegan, Parvati Patil, and her sister, Padma. Angelina Johnson came with Alicia Spinnet, and Katie Bell brought Cormac McLaggen. Ginny came blazing down the hallway with a harried-looking Michael Corner at her heels, and Rigel couldn’t tell exactly what the look the redhead shot her was supposed to convey, but she got the feeling she hadn’t planned to bring the Ravenclaw boy. Also from Ravenclaw came Terry Boot and Anthony Goldstein, neither of which seemed entirely certain of their decision to be there as they hesitantly asked about the ‘Duck Agency’ meeting place.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Cedric Diggory came, accompanied by a skeptical looking Zacharias Smith and Ernie Macmillan. Susan Bones trailed behind them with a nervous Hannah Abbott. All five Hufflepuffs bid her good day, though she noted Smith and Macmillan were not wholly sincere. Diggory hung back and gave her a rueful smile when his housemates had gone through the door.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Congratulations on being chosen for the tournament, Black,” he said. He looked like he meant it, so she smiled and thanked him. “Sorry about the others,” he added, ducking his head with a boyish charm. “They were rooting for me, but I’ve told them you’re a good choice, too.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s quite all right,” she assured him. “I didn’t expect to have everyone’s support. I’m only a fourth year, after all.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Age isn’t everything,” Diggory disagreed. “Good luck.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She thanked him again, and he joined the others inside. She glanced down at the map, thinking that just about everyone she’d expected, and a few she hadn’t, had already arrived. It was nearing the appointed hour, and she was considering leaving her post and asking the room to hide the door when she caught sight of Zhou several corridors over on the map, wandering somewhat aimlessly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was no one else nearby on the seventh floor, so Rigel took off at a brisk walk toward the older girl’s location. She found her examining a tapestry with a frown. “Zhou,” she called, waving the girl over. “Are you looking for the club?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Rigel!” She was openly relived. “Yes. I know you gave me directions, but I can’t remember which tapestry I was looking for.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’ll take you.” Rigel led her back toward the Come and Go Room. “It’s great you decided to come.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I really do need the practice,” Zhou murmured embarrassedly. “Thanks again for inviting me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You’re welcome,” Rigel said easily. When they reached the room, Rigel sent the Ravenclaw inside and checked the map one last time for any stragglers before slipping into the room and asking it to seal the door behind her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco had created an open hall with a high ceiling. Stacks of cushions stood next to a teaching dummy in the middle of the floor, and the students who’d come to the meeting stood in a loose circle around her friend. Rigel raised her hand and gave him the thumbs up to signal that everyone was present, then joined the circle unobtrusively and watched Draco take charge of the room.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Now that we’re all here, welcome to the Dueling Association. If you’ve been invited to this meeting, you’re either a member of last year’s club that was unfortunately disbanded or you’ve expressed an interest in extracurricular Dueling practice.” Draco looked around the room with appraising eyes. “To be perfectly clear, this club is not official, and, if the faculty gets wind of it, will be banned in a heartbeat, so I’m asking everyone here to sign this parchment before we begin.” He held up a roll of parchment so everyone could see. “This is a binding agreement to keep the location and existence of this club a secret unless given permission by myself, Pansy Parkinson, or Rigel Black to divulge it. Everyone will sign it before leaving this room, regardless of whether or not you intend to continue attending club meetings in the future.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There were a few grumbling complaints, but Draco cut them off.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You were all made aware of this stipulation when you were invited to the club, so there’s no use complaining now,” he said loudly. “Line up and sign, then we will begin.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Weasley Twins were the first in line. At Draco’s raised eyebrow, George shrugged. “Seeing this place, we totally understand why you want it kept secret. Signing this is well worth learning such a useful secret about the castle.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Their argument proved persuasive, as the others all proceeded to sign the parchment with more or less good grace.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco handed the parchment off to Pansy, who tucked it away. “Great,” he said, clapping his hands. “For those of you who were with us last year, you know we usually start with stretching and agility drills, then footwork patterns, and finally practice duels. Since there are so many new faces, however, we’re going to split the group in half. Experienced duelers who know the basic footwork and are familiar with at least a few structured spell combinations, to this side of the hall; beginners and those less confident in their skills, to the other.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The students began to sort themselves, though there were more among the two dozen or so who self-identified as advanced than there were beginners. Seeing this, Draco grimaced. “All right, those of you in the advanced group who weren’t part of the club last year, speak to Ron Weasley about your level of experience. He’ll determine which group you start in. Pansy, you’re with the beginners. Go easy on them.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Pansy smiled angelically, and Rigel could see the exact moment several newcomers decided to underestimate her. She almost felt sorry for the fools. Almost. Rigel stayed with the advanced group while Draco outlined his plan for the first term. “The idea is to holistically improve everyone’s dueling. To do this, I’m going to be evaluating you for the first few meetings based on random pairings. Once I have a good grasp of strengths and weaknesses, I’ll determine the matches going forward in order to force people into confronting styles they aren’t as comfortable with. Each meeting, we’ll learn a new technique, footwork pattern, or spell and I’ll ask you to apply it in your duels. If there is anything in particular you want to learn, bring it to me before or after the session and I’ll do my best to work it in. Any questions so far?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What qualifies you to teach the club?” Diggory asked. His face was friendly, but his eyes flickered to the back of Macmillan’s head as he said it, which told Rigel he was probably asking the question on everyone’s mind before the younger Hufflepuff could make a snide remark about it.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“In addition to scoring top in my year in last year’s Dueling class, I spent all of last year running the club and most of the summer devising lesson plans and studying advanced dueling techniques from around the world.” Draco’s voice was even as he said this, not irritated or haughty in the least, and Rigel had to be proud of her friend. He’d come a long way from the boy who had provoked Ron into shooting a jelly-brains jinx at him in first year.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I can vouch for his ability,” Rookwood offered. “We improved a lot last year under Draco’s tutelage.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco kept his expression blank, but the flush of color along his collar betrayed his embarrassed pleasure at the praise. He really could be rather self-conscious, for someone who acted so self-assured, she reflected.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Excellent,” Diggory said cheerfully. “I retract my question and look forward to learning from you.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Anyone else? No? We’ll get started then. Ron, have you got them sorted?” Draco looked to the tall redhead who had his arms folded stubbornly as he stared down his housemate, Cormac McLaggen.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“McLaggen was just about to join the other group.” Ron’s face was set, but McLaggen seemed to have no intention of doing any such thing.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’m not a beginner,” he insisted. “Just because I didn’t take the class or join your club last year, doesn’t mean I don’t know anything about dueling. I went to Dueling Camp when I was twelve.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You need a proper refresher before jumping into the advanced group,” Ron told him. “You can move back as soon as Parkinson says so. This is necessary so you don’t end up injured, all right?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What if I beat Parkinson in a duel?” the older boy demanded. “Then can I stay in this group?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Mate, <em class="calibre5"> I</em> can barely beat Parkinson in a duel,” Ron said, shaking his head. “Trust me, you do not want to do that.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It doesn’t sound like any of you fourth years are qualified to teach this club. Why don’t we take a vote and let one of the seventh years take over?” McLaggen looked around for support, but even the newcomers appeared unsure.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You don’t have to stay, McLaggen,” Aldon drawled. “And you certainly weren’t invited here to insult our club president.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That’s all right, Aldon,” Draco said, looking resigned. “Why don’t we have a little demonstration, to ease McLaggen’s mind?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’m up for it,” McLaggen declared.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No, I wouldn’t duel a beginner,” Draco said archly. “It wouldn’t be fair. I’ll duel Ron. Or Pansy if you like. Since you questioned both of their abilities.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">McLaggen scowled, but didn’t say anything. Perhaps he realized he’d dug himself into an uncomfortable position.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Duel Black,” Zacharias Smith said loudly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’m not an instructor,” Rigel protested.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Black is the Hogwarts champion, right? I’m sure a lot of us are curious as to what he’s capable of,” Smith reasoned. “And he’s in the advanced group, so it should be no trouble for your conscience, Malfoy.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel waited for Draco to refuse, but instead found him looking consideringly at her. She widened her eyes in a mild glare, lest he have any doubts as to her willingness to participate. While he was thinking, other people chimed in.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’d watch that!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Let’s see the champion duel!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">They’d caught the attention of the beginner’s group, too, and now Pansy had come over to see what was going on. “Rigel, Draco, are you dueling?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Mr. McLaggen has requested a demonstration of my ability to run this club,” Draco informed her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Well, there’s no better test than a duel with Rigel,” Pansy said slowly. “He’s by far the trickiest of the group.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Thanks, Pan.” Rigel sighed. There didn’t seem to be any getting out of it, with Pansy and Draco in agreement. She stretched her arms out as the students backed away from the center of the hall to give them space. She hadn’t dueled Draco since the previous spring. He’d spent the entire summer practicing-but then, so had she. If she could remember not to use any of her freedueling tricks, she would surprise him.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Ron stood as mediator, and when Rigel and Draco had exchanged formal bows, he called for them to begin.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco sprang backwards, but Rigel darted forward just as fast. Her friend was more comfortable with a ranged exchange, so she would take the duel to close quarters as often as possible. He spun on perfect footwork around her first spell, but she’d anticipated and already sent a silent Incarcerous to the side after him.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The blond boy muttered a severing curse without pausing, and his unhesitant steps took him directly behind her. Rigel pivoted and raised a shield between them just in time for it to intercept Draco’s stunner. She dropped it as soon as the spell dissipated and ran forward after Draco’s retreating form. He shot two Relashios in an effort to slow her advance, and Rigel darted in a quick zigzag to avoid them. Draco’s next spell came at her feet-a tripping jinx-but Rigel launched herself over it in an athletic leap that would bring her within three paces of her opponent. At the apex of her jump, she overpowered a Lumos directly into Draco’s face.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He swore and rolled to the side to avoid her follow-up stunner while blindly erecting a shield between them. He held it while wiping at his eyes with his non-dominant hand. Rigel repositioned herself patiently, slowly stalking in a circle around him, and she heard someone mutter, “Merlin’s teats, that was fast” from their audience.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco shook his head, blinking quickly. “That was cruel, Rigel.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Buck up, Dray. We’re just getting started,” she said with a small smile. She knew her friend could do better. Quick as a snake, Draco shot a Reducto so powerful it blasted <em class="calibre5"> through</em> his own shield before continuing toward her in a dark cloud of sheer destruction. Narrowing her eyes, Rigel charged toward it while projecting a Fortis before her like a battering ram. The Reducto parted like water against her shield, and she saw Draco’s eyes widen as he leapt sideways to avoid being knocked backward. Rigel thrust her wand hand forward as she dove after him. She rolled on her back and shoulders, and the Fortis rolled with her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco wasn’t fast enough to escape the Bubble of Doom, and the force of her sideways momentum knocked him to the ground. A smattering of shocked laughter broke out around them, but Rigel was too intent on pressing her advantage to enjoy it. She broke the Fortis and fired off three stunners in quick succession. She’d been working with Snape to shave off wand movements, so her spells came faster than ever, but Draco’s reflexes had improved, too. He blocked the first two and rolled backwards to avoid the third, springing off the ground with one hand and regaining his feet to a round of spontaneous applause from the spectators.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You’ve been practicing your floor work,” she commented.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco’s answer was a Flipendo that Rigel had to bat out of her way with a quick Relashio. He went on the offensive with a series of fast spells, and Rigel was pleased to see Draco’s repertoire had expanded in the last few months. Among the ordinary dueling spells to disable he sprinkled charms to distract and hinder. A blast of wind from a concentrated weather charm pushed Rigel backwards several feet before she dispersed it with a Ventus cast in counter-rotation. He used her momentary delay to conjure two paper crows and set them on her with Oppungo.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Incendio!” She met the birds midway with fire and followed it up with a second, “Incendio,” before their ashes hit the floor. At least, she <em class="calibre5"> said</em> Incendio. Her wand was actually casting an overpowered Flagrate, however, and while a line of fire arched through the air toward Draco, the marking spell wouldn’t really hurt him.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco didn’t recognize the difference in time. His ears heard ‘Incendio’ and he was casting Aguamenti automatically before he could help himself. Her Freezing Charm met the water on the ground, and an “Accio Draco,” was all it took to force her friend forward into it. His feet couldn’t find purchase on the ice to resist the Summoning Charm, and he came slipping toward her, right through the line of harmless fire still hanging in the air. Off balance, he shielded instead of attacking, and that was his undoing.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel hit him with a Weightless Charm that attached itself to his shield instead of dispersing against it-only a Depasco could stop a Weightless Charm from taking effect. Her follow-up Flipendo sent Draco shooting upwards like a balloon-up, up he flew until his shield nudged the ceiling and his momentum reversed. He glared down at her from his gently descending bubble, clearly tempted to drop his shield to get rid of the Weightless Charm and risk a nasty fall to the ground.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Don’t do it, Draco,” she called, stalking slowly toward him. “I’ll stun you as soon as the shield is gone, and I won’t cushion your fall.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Pansy will,” he called back, arms folded.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Interference will cost you the match anyway,” Rigel said. She was nearly beneath the agonizingly slow-falling boy-balloon now, and it was the work of few moments to apply a Sticking Charm to the floor where he would land. Draco’s shield charm carried him almost lovingly into her trap, which held him fast even as he finally let go of his shield. He tried to get a few more spells off, but with nowhere to maneuver, he was easy to overpower. She caught him with a Petrificus Totalus and disarmed him neatly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Winner, Rigel Black,” Ron declared, somewhat unnecessarily. The applause was raucous, and most of the students seemed impressed and excited. Good, she thought. They ought to leave Draco be, now. “Good match, you two,” Ron added as she returned Draco’s wand and they shook hands. “You could have let Draco win, though.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He’d never forgive me,” Rigel said, smiling apologetically at her friend.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco shrugged. “I knew when I agreed to the duel that you would beat me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Why not duel one of us, then?” Ron asked. “I thought you were trying to prove your leadership.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“A good leader isn’t afraid to lose in front of his subordinates,” Draco said, tilting his nose up in affected arrogance. After a moment, he broke into a smile. “Also, it was more important for people to believe in Rigel than for them to respect me. Rigel is Hogwarts’ champion, after all. This was an opportunity too good to pass up.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel rolled her eyes. “Not you, too. Soon I’ll have an entire team of self-appointed public relations experts.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Draco is correct,” Pansy said, joining their huddle. “A lot more of them will support you in the tournament, now. Good job, you two.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I had no idea you could use the Fortis like a bludgeon,” Ron said. “You’ll have to teach us that one.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel was about to agree, when a frisson of awareness behind her caught her attention entirely. She snapped her left wrist and palmed the knife in her sleeve, smoothly raising it in the same motion to block the spell that had been shot at her back without looking. All conversation stopped as Rigel slowly turned her head to see Fred staring at her with wide eyes.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Uh… It was only a Glow Charm,” the redhead stammered. “To make you look saint-like. George bet me you wouldn’t block it, and I thought it would be funny…” He trailed off uncomfortably.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel looked down at her now-glowing knife and smiled, shaking off her tension. “No worries. I hope you didn’t bet anything big, George.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">George shook his head with an amazed whistle. “I wasn’t that sure you’d miss it. Some reflexes, Rigel.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She grinned. Her sensing ability <em class="calibre5"> had</em> been coming along of late. She was almost ready to begin free brewing, but had to keep it up unconsciously for an entire week before Snape would be satisfied. She could feel all the magic in the room, even though she couldn’t quite distinguish between individual people or spells unless she concentrated hard.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Rigel, why are you carrying that?” Pansy said, frowning. “If you use it in the tournament during a duel, you’ll be disqualified.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Better disqualified than dead,” she said reasonably. “Anyway, the duel was over at that point.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Still,” Draco said, eyeing the knife thoughtfully, “I’ll ask my father about procuring some gauntlets for you. They’re considered defensive, so they should be allowed.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“My knife <em class="calibre5"> is</em> defensive,” she offered. Not one of her friends seemed impressed with that logic. She tucked it away, and looked around. Some of her classmates had alarmed expressions on their faces, but mostly they just seemed intrigued. She suppressed a sigh.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Diggory was the first to break the awkward silence that had fallen over the room. “Well, I for one am ready to learn some Dueling. Satisfied McLaggen?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“They seem to have some idea what they’re doing,” the Gryffindor boy said, shrugging. “Let’s get on with it, then.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“If that isn’t a glowing ‘thank you for the demonstration, Malfoy,’ I doubt I’ve ever heard one,” Diggory said happily.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco snorted. “All right. Beginners back to Pansy. You’re going to start with the Colouris exercises, and no more arguments. Nobody gets good at dueling overnight. Advanced group-get stretching.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel rolled her shoulders and winced as a bruise made itself known on her back. She must have landed harder than she realized when she was rolling. She poked at it gingerly. A tap on her shoulder made her look over to see Zhou standing hesitantly beside her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Did you injure yourself? I can heal it, if you like,” the dark haired girl offered.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel grimaced. “It’s just a bruise, I think. I’ll get to it later.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s harder to heal your own back,” Zhou pointed out. At Rigel’s reluctant expression, she added, “It won’t take but a minute. I can do it right through your robes.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Thanks, Zhou,” she said quietly. “I don’t think it’s serious, though. I appreciate the offer.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Oh, all right.” The Ravenclaw smiled weakly and headed back over to the beginner’s group, where Pansy was explaining the Colouris-Eradere game they would be focusing on for a few meetings.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Why did you invite her?” Draco asked. He eyed the back of Zhou’s head with dislike as he rotated his ankles one after the other.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel frowned at him. “She needs extra practice in Defense, and you have to admit having another Healer around is a good precaution. With the tournament, I won’t be able to make every meeting. Zhou is a good Healer.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Zhou?</em> ” Draco scowled. “Is that some kind of pet name?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What? No. It’s how she says her name, that’s all,” Rigel told him. She wondered why he was so annoyed at the girl’s presence. She wasn’t the only new face by any stretch. “Give her a chance. You were skeptical about Ron, too, at first. Now he’s your best sounding board, isn’t he?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“This isn’t about Ron,” Draco grumbled. He left the topic alone, though, and went on with his stretches in silence.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel mentally shrugged off his peculiar irritation. He was probably still a bit sore that she’d beat him in the duel. As Draco walked the group through their first combination, she combed over the duel in her mind, mentally noting where she would have done something different if she’d had more time to consider her reactions. All in all, she was impressed with Draco and not too disappointed in her return to formal dueling in light of her summer focused on free dueling. Granted, a couple of those moves hadn’t been <em class="calibre5"> strictly</em> in the realm of traditional formal dueling, but she hadn’t bent the rules too far. At least no one could say her style wasn’t unique.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Toward the end of the first week in November, Rigel ran into Hermione Granger in the dungeons, of all places. The curly-haired girl seemed to be cutting haphazardly across the less used corridors, and if Rigel wasn’t on her way back from her lab she doubted anyone would have come across the girl.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Lost or exploring?” Rigel asked, smiling as Hermione whirled and let out an exasperated sigh.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You shouldn’t sneak up on people,” she admonished, tossing her curly hair back from her face in an irritated motion. “As it happens, I am lost. I’m looking for the Library. I asked someone near the Entrance Hall for directions, but I’m beginning to suspect he lied to me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Seeing as she was in the dungeons, Rigel was inclined to agree. “I’ll take you,” she said. “Sorry if some of my schoolmates aren’t being hospitable.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s to be expected,” she said evenly. After the barest of hesitations, she fell into step beside Rigel. “Thank you for showing me the right way. What were you doing down here?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The Slytherin common room isn’t far from here,” Rigel told her. “I have a private lab that I use for extracurricular research, as well, and it’s just back that way.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The school lets you brew unsupervised?” Hermione’s eyebrows shot up. “That would never happen at AIM.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Professor Snape makes an exception for me, as I’ve been excused from regular Potions lessons,” she explained.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Harry did say you were quite gifted at Potions as well,” Hermione murmured. “I hear Professor Snape is a world renowned Potions Master, so I suppose he would recognize talent when he sees it. I was thinking of attending a few of his classes, but I’m not sure how our syllabi compare in that subject. I may be behind the other fourth years.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“To be honest, I wouldn’t attend Potions class here if I were you,” Rigel said, a smile tugging at her lips. “Professor Snape <em class="calibre5"> is</em> world class, but he isn’t exactly friendly. You’d learn more reading his work for publication rather than sitting through his classes. Mostly he spends them trying to prevent the students from blowing themselves up.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That’s a rather harsh denouncement of your classmates’ ability,” Hermione commented, sounding disappointed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Not at all.” Rigel smiled reassuringly. “My classmates are perfectly average in Potions. The curriculum here includes a great many more temperamental brews than are taught at other schools, however. Snape thinks the most important thing to teach people who probably won’t be brewing potions for a living is how dangerous potions are, so they don’t accidentally hurt themselves later in life trying something unfamiliar. Did you know that since he’s been the Potions Master here, the average rate of potions-related deaths in magical Britain as a whole has gone down? Specifically in adults who attended Hogwarts after 1981.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione looked amused. “You admire him greatly.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I do,” she admitted. “He’s my mentor, but more than that, he’s an exceptional academic in a number of fields. I’d be happy to recommend some of his best articles if you have the time to read them.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’d appreciate it,” Hermione agreed, looking cheered at the prospect. “If Potions wouldn’t be helpful, what classes should I attend? I was thinking History would be interesting, as I don’t doubt a different perspective is offered at an all-pureblood school like this one.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel winced. “History might not be a great subject, either. It’s taught by a ghost, currently, and he rarely strays from the textbooks that were assigned to the course when he died.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione looked vaguely horrified. “You don’t learn any modern history?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Most of the old families emphasize history pre-Hogwarts,” Rigel said, shrugging. “And the OWLs are dated enough that it doesn’t really impact test scores. If you’re looking to get the most out of classes here, I recommend Transfiguration and Charms. McGonagall, the Transfiguration professor, was trained by Dumbledore himself. She’s an Animagus, you know.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Really? I’ve never met one,” Hermione said, eyes wide. “I’d very much like to meet her. And Charms, you said?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded. “Flitwick was a dueling champion in his day, and most of his ability in that arena has to do with his complete mastery of Charms. Another good one might be Defense, since you’re in the tournament and all. Professor Dawlish is an Auror, and he has a habit of shooting sudden spells at his students to hone our reflexes-and to make sure we’re paying attention.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione grimaced. “That sounds… instructive.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s more harrowing than anything, but I have noticed an improvement in my reaction time over the past month. What else?” Rigel thought aloud as they climbed the main staircase. “The Healing class will be open to you, of course. Madam Pomfrey would love to have you. The fifth year class meets Friday mornings, so you should come then. Do you take Runes or Arithmancy? Magical Creatures or Divination?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’ve looked into Runes and Arithmancy on my own,” Hermione said, “But the Healing track doesn’t allow a lot of time for unrelated extracurriculars.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You might try those, then,” Rigel suggested. “I can give you the notes from last year if you want to attend the fourth year lessons with us. I don’t take Creatures myself, but I’ve heard the professor this year is very knowledgeable. There are a lot of unique resources at Hogwarts, so don’t hesitate to take advantage of them.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I was looking forward to seeing the Library,” Hermione admitted, smiling sheepishly. “It’s supposed to be the best collection in Europe.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That is what anyone who attended Hogwarts will tell you,” Rigel said with a laugh. “I’ll let you decide for yourself. Here we are.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She gestured to the large doorway and Hermione beamed at the sight of the brass sign hanging above it. “Thank you! Do I need a card to check out a book?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel shook her head. “I’ll show you how to sign one out. Madam Pince is the Librarian, and she inspects every book that goes in or out, so don’t ever damage one if you value your life.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione looked vaguely offended. “As if I would.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel led her into the Library and gave her a short tour of the different sections. Then she took out a spare piece of parchment and sketched a quick map for the girl. “This is the best route from your rooms,” she said, drawing an arrowed path. She added the Great Hall, the Transfiguration, Defense, and Charms classrooms, and the Hospital Wing for good measure. She handed it over, saying, “If you ever need anything, stop someone in a green tie and tell them Rigel Black asked to see you. They’ll find me for you without much fuss. If you’re really interested in the pureblood perspective on modern history, I recommend simply asking people. The ones in blue ties are Ravenclaws-house of the intelligent and curious. Your average Ravenclaw is always up for a solid academic discussion.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione’s smile was small, but clearly heartfelt. “Thank you, Rigel. You’ve been a great host.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s no trouble at all,” she assured the girl. “I’ll see you around.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel left the Library with a feeling of satisfaction. Archie would be pleased with her for looking after his friend. She would subtly inquire as to who had tried to trick Hermione into traversing the dungeons alone, as well. That sort of prank was likely just petty mischief, but given certain Slytherin inclinations in regards to muggleborns, it could have gone much worse for the girl if someone else had found her first.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">She only had two weeks to prepare for the first task, and by Thursday evening she thought she ought to at least go down to the Forbidden Forest and practice acclimating her senses to it again. Now, more than ever, it was vital that she get past what had happened to her there.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel approached the forest as the sun was just beginning to sink below the treetops. The dark wood seemed to reach out toward her even as she moved toward it, touching some part of her soul that sent a shiver down her spine. She gritted her teeth against the feeling. <em class="calibre5"> I am not afraid of a dead man,</em> she told herself firmly. <em class="calibre5"> Peter Pettigrew can’t hurt anyone now.</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">When she reached the outermost trees themselves, however, she found her feet unable to carry her further. At first, she thought unbiddable panic had clawed its way into her, but soon realized the problem was not in her mind, after all. An invisible barrier preventing her from moving any further had somehow been erected at the edge of the woods. She stretched out a hand along it, searching for an edge that would indicate a localized shield, but the barrier met her in every direction. A ward, then.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“They won’t let anyone in,” an accented voice drifted toward her through the fading light. She cast out her sphere of magical awareness warily and sensed a presence moving toward her along the tree line. A few moments later, she saw Matheus Sousa strolling in the shadows, one hand trailing along the invisible ward and the other tucked into his pocket. He stopped beside her with a wry grin. “They don’t want us looking.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel had to admit it made sense. The tournament organizers wouldn’t like anyone seeing what they’d prepared before the night of the task. “We’re to go in blind, then,” she remarked, sighing. “I don’t like surprises.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Surprises, I don’t mind,” Sousa said, eyeing the forest through his shaggy hair with something like wistfulness. “I came to get some <em class="calibre5"> Salvia</em>. It grows here, no?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She blinked. Salvia was a species of mint that could mean many things, from common sage to chia, but most of it wasn’t native to Scotland. “I suppose it could, but you would have had to go fairly far into the forest to find it. I’ve never seen any.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Ah.” His handsome face closed in disappointment and he ran a hand through his thick, dark hair. “I will look another place.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He started to walk away, but Rigel said, “Wait. I probably have a little, if you want it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Sousa’s eyebrows rose. “Really?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She rummaged into her bag for her potions kit. “What type of Salvia are you looking for? Clary? Danshen?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Not sure the English name,” Sousa said, cocking his head at her with interest as she found the correct sub-compartment in her kit. “Very tall plant, with big, green leaves. Not many flowers. Used for seeing… seeing things.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Salvia Divinorum?” she guessed. That was the only type of sage she knew to be used in Scrying Potions. “I have that.” She pulled it out of the undetectably expanded compartment and examined the bundle closely. “I bought this a while ago, but it looks all right.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She passed it to him and a crooked smile overtook Sousa’s face. “You always have plants in your pocket?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel secured her kit once more with a slightly embarrassed grimace. “I’m a potioneer, and I’ve learned it pays to be prepared. Are you going to brew some kind of Seer’s Solution for the task?” She had heard that such brews were useful for opening the inner eye, but she’d never tried it herself.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Something like that,” Sousa said, looking amused at her still. “Thank you, Mr. Black.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She let out a laugh at that. “Just Rigel is fine. Good luck in the first task, Mr. Sousa.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Matheus, please, and good luck to you,” he said, bowing smoothly to her before heading back toward the castle.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">When he’d gone a fair distance, Rigel called, <em class="calibre5"> “Treessslider? Isss that you?”</em> She’d felt what she thought was her friend waiting within the sphere of her sensing ability for most of her conversation with Sousa.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">The ssstranger is gone, Ssspeaker?” </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Yesss, thank you for waiting,”</em> she said, smiling when the snake wiggled right up to the barrier and bumped against it agitatedly. <em class="calibre5"> “You can’t get out either?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">I am trapped here with all the othersss,”</em> Treeslider complained. <em class="calibre5"> “How will you give me a moussse?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">His priorities never ceased to amuse her. Still, he was right. She couldn’t give him the one she’d brought. “<em class="calibre5">How would you like a live moussse thisss time?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">Treeslider expressed great interest in that idea, so Rigel took out her wand and whispered, “Accio mouse.” She didn’t put much power behind the spell, but several mice still zoomed out of the forest and bounced against the barrier between her and the trees. Treeslider was quick to neutralize them before the mice regained their wits, and the green snake chortled in a satisfied hiss over his spoils.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Ssspeaker isss too kind,”</em> he said gleefully.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She favored him with an indulgent smile. <em class="calibre5"> “You mentioned ‘othersss’ before. Ssso there are new inhabitantsss in the foressst?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Many new creaturesss,”</em> Treeslider agreed. <em class="calibre5"> “And trapsss. Metal and magic, ensssnaring thossse that ssstray too clossse.”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">That was interesting. <em class="calibre5"> “Can you tell me what kind of creatures?”</em> she asked, a slow smirk blooming across her face. She really did hate surprises.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The snake hissed in wordless agreement as his coils tightened around his dinner. <em class="calibre5"> “I have ssseen a manticore, two sssnallygastersss, a quintaped, and sssmelled a troll,”</em> Treeslider told her. <em class="calibre5"> “The ssstupid runessspoors ssspeak of Sssphinx and Chimera. Ssseveral ssspidersss are alssso trapped, and the thessstralsss, too. Then there isss the dragon.” </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">A dragon?”</em> Rigel found herself releasing a wordless hiss of frustration. She did not want to face another dragon in this lifetime. <em class="calibre5"> “Did you sssee what kind?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Sssmall and fassst,”</em> the snake revealed. <em class="calibre5"> “And rude.”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Naturally,”</em> she said on a sigh. <em class="calibre5"> “Thank you, Treessslider. You’ve been a great help to me.”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Always pleasssed to help, Ssspeaker.” </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">She considered the snake, an idea forming. <em class="calibre5"> “Would you mind helping me again sssoon?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Of courssse.”</em> The snake looked up at her with something like interest in its bulbous eyes.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">On the next full moon, meet me near the treeline. There will be othersss around, but do not be afraid to approach me. I will need your help navigating the foressst that night.”</em> Rigel spoke slowly so that the snake would understand and remember. “<em class="calibre5">Until then, watch and lisssten to all happeningsss inssside thisss barrier. Sssniff out the trapsss you ssspoke of and remember their location.</em> <em class="calibre5"> Take note of any new creaturesss and remember. Can you do that for me?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Yesss, Ssspeaker. I will be your eyesss and earsss,”</em> Treeslider said gravely. <em class="calibre5"> “When you come on the full moon I will ssseek you and assssissst.”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">You will not hunger for miccce asss long asss I ressside here,</em> ” she vowed. Rigel couldn’t help but feel a sense of satisfied accomplishment as she bade farewell to the snake and made her way back to the castle. It was a little unfair of her to have an early advantage in the task, but she had promised to do her best, and that meant using all resources available to her, didn’t it? Treeslider would be useful in more than one way, she mused. His presence might just be the steadying reassurance that kept her from having a breakdown in the middle of the forest. Surrounded by dangerous creatures. At night. Rigel grimaced. Perhaps she would brew a potion to help her see in the dark. Snape would likely have a good recipe, and if not… well, she hadn’t taken her invisibility cloak to the restricted section for some time.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">The week before the first task found her in lab three once more, but Snape was not interested in brewing with her. All of his attention was on the upcoming task, and none of Rigel’s assurances that she had it in hand made an impact on his single-minded focus.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“If you die in this task it won’t <em class="calibre5"> matter</em> if I teach you to freebrew,” he snapped at her when she complained that she didn’t want to go over physical shields again.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“If I die without learning to freebrew I shall haunt you without mercy,” she muttered with a sullen scowl. She was supposed to be learning <em class="calibre5"> potions</em> from her mentor, not the various viable shields recommended when faced with an Acromantula.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Do <em class="calibre5"> not</em> take this lightly,” Snape insisted. “What shield will hold against the fist of a forest troll?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“None of them for long,” she said. Trolls were incredibly strong, and it was always better to simply out-run one or trick it somehow.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And a quintaped?” her Head of House pressed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel blinked, then frowned. “What makes you think there would be a quintaped in the forest?” Struck by suspicion, she cast her mind over the creatures Snape had mentioned in the last hour. A Manticore, a chimera, and a thestral had all come up in his ‘comprehensive overview.’ He <em class="calibre5"> knew</em>, she realized with incredulous annoyance. Somehow, Snape knew what the creatures in the forest were. “Did Riddle tell you to cover these creatures with me?” she demanded, outrage dawning slowly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape’s eyebrow rose with slow contempt. “Why would you imagine such a thing?</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Maybe because everything you’ve gone over with me is a recent addition to the closed off portion of the Forbidden Forest,” she said, drawing herself to her full height. It wasn’t enough to come close to Snape’s height, but it gave wind to her indignation. “You’re <em class="calibre5"> cheating</em> for him!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">To her surprise, her professor merely smiled at her accusation. “So you’ve discovered the information for yourself? Good, then there’s no need for pretense. We must prepare you for an encounter with each potential creature.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel knew her face was mutinous. “I don’t need Riddle to spoon feed me,” she growled. “Did it not occur to you two that I could do this on my own?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape sneered at her. “It matters not how you survive, only that you do, Rigel. I will see you prepared.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It isn’t fair to the others,” she protested. It was a weak argument. The tournament would never be fair, and all of it would be for nothing if she didn’t win, regardless of how it pricked her pride and her conscience to accept the sort of help Snape offered.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“All staff members have been instructed to assist any candidate who asks them. Minerva for one has already taken the Athenei and the muggleborn girl under her wing,” Snape informed her. “As you’ve managed to come by information on the forests’ newly resident population honestly, I fail to see a difference in my preparing you for the very real eventualities you are to face.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel’s frown remained, but she felt a sigh escape her. If Snape was right, the others were getting help, too, and no matter Riddle’s intentions, she had discovered which creatures she’d have to deal with on her own. It would be the height of foolish obstinacy to refuse her Head of House’s help at this point. “Fine.” She ran a hand through her bangs agitatedly. “I’m mostly worried about the dragon, to be honest, so tell me how I should go about defeating a Peruvian Vipertooth.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“A <em class="calibre5"> what?</em> ” Snape’s already chalky complexion whitened further.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It was Rigel’s turn to raise her eyebrows at him. “So Riddle didn’t tell you everything.” She didn’t believe for a moment that Treeslider could be mistaken about the presence of a dragon in the forest. “In addition to the ones you’ve already mentioned, there’s the dragon, two snallygasters, and at least one Sphinx. Plus several traps, the nature of which I am not certain.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The potions master swore darkly. “Snallygasters have impenetrable hides and their talons will slice through almost anything. If you see one, I suggest you distract it-they’re unhesitantly inquisitive.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And the dragon?” Rigel reminded him. “A venomous dragon, at that?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Avoid it at all costs,” Snape said lowly. His eyes burned with anger and something like worry, she thought. It softened her annoyance. “Even you cannot hold a shield against dragon fire indefinitely.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">That was heartening. Not that she wasn’t aware of that fact after her encounter the previous year. “Do you think the Ministry would approve a special apparition license for me?” It would be nice to have a last resort, considering how many of the creatures in the forest could maim her given half a chance.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You cannot apparate on Hogwarts grounds,” Snape reminded her, eyes narrowing. “Even if you could learn in the next six days.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No telling how far into the forest we’ll have to go, though,” she pointed out wearily. “They could put whatever we’re seeking well past the wards, if they wanted.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Let’s focus on tracking and hiding, Rigel. If escape is your only option, I’d advise bringing a broom.” She couldn’t tell if he was joking.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Are we allowed brooms?” she asked.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He snorted. “If you are not strictly prohibited them, you would do well to consider it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Noted,” she said, smiling slightly. It wouldn’t be much good for out-flying a dragon in a dark forest, but if things did get hairy, she could always go up and out. Then she remembered the barrier. Her face fell. “The ward keeping all the creatures in has to go over the top of the trees as well,” she said. “Otherwise the ones with wings would have flown out by now.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Or else they are chained down,” Snape mused.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Like Pettigrew’s dragon,” she agreed, grimacing. “That was only an adolescent. I’d hate to be the committee member in charge of securing a fully grown breed to the earth.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Do not pity your enemies,” Snape advised her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel’s nose wrinkled. She didn’t like the idea of having enemies. Most of the last few years had been geared toward avoiding that, though she had to admit her track record had room for improvement. “A broom, then,” she said. “Anything else?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape’s dark eyes appraised her for a long moment. “Have you considered an alliance?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Team up with one of the other contestants? It would have to be a halfblood or muggleborn,” she said slowly. “Just for the first few tasks you mean?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The only ones you are directly competing against until the final round are Mr. Krum and Miss Shang,” Snape affirmed. “Anyone else may be receptive to a helping hand, especially considering you are the only one familiar with the forest.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And I know what creatures are inside,” she added. “Still, would I be in violation of the vow if I helped another candidate?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“An alliance with a halfblood or muggleborn in this task does not impact your odds of being chosen the pureblood champion and advancing in the tournament. Such a move may in fact increase your odds of succeeding. That said, it may be prudent to have an alternate plan, should your blood begin to boil.” Snape’s voice was light, almost unconcerned, but she could see the sardonic anger still burning behind his impassive features. Her Head of House had not come to terms with her agreement with Riddle just yet.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel inclined her head. “All right. I’ll think about that, too. Now can we start freebrewing?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape favored her with a doubtful sneer. “Have you maintained the sphere of awareness for an entire week?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Five and a half days,” she said, widening her eyes and allowing a hopeful smile to cross her features. “It would have been seven, but I brewed some Dreamless Sleep that ended up much stronger than intended and accidentally knocked myself unconscious the night before last. Now I’m back to two days straight.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Why are you taking Dreamless Sleep?” Snape asked. His head was cocked in a way that indicated dangerous levels of interest in her answer.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I… just have been,” she said, dropping her eyes to the side in a show of indifference.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He growled. <em class="calibre5"> “Still?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Not a full dose-well, except for when I over-brew it accidentally. Just a little, to take the edge off my subconscious.” She glanced up at his forbidding expression and pressed her lips together in annoyance. “Nowhere near addictive frequencies. I’m <em class="calibre5"> fine.”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You should not be going back into that forest,” he spat, furious enough to begin pacing the small lab in open agitation.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That wasn’t my doing. Riddle is testing me. He wants to see if I’m still broken, right? Well, I’m not.” She fought against the urge to grind her teeth and settled for lifting her chin stubbornly. She needed the Dreamless Sleep to stay rested for the competition. She had too many things to do during the day to waste her hours in sleep-deprived lethargy. It was times like this she missed her time-turner, despite the shiver that the mere thought of the glittering device sent down her spine.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Try not to undo all the work that went into repairing you in one night,” Snape suggested. His voice positively frothed with a roiling venom.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel smiled sweetly in response, though there was acid dripping behind her lips that burned down her throat into her stomach. It pooled there, a fire of resentment that she refused to give voice to. He made it seem as though she’d asked to be kidnapped or strong-armed into a tournament of dubious intent. Left to herself, she doubted she’d ever go more than a few feet into the forest again. “I’ll do my best,” she promised dryly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Go practice your remote sensing.” Snape’s scowl did not indicate that he found her dissemblance amusing.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She bowed with an unnecessary flourish. “As milord bids.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel could feel the daggers of his glare following her into the corridor, but she didn’t have the wherewithal to soothe her professor’s ruffled feathers at the moment. Instead, she had a date with a megalomaniacal piece of aluminum oxide.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Her consciousness barely had time to fully manifest into the icy wind of her mindscape before Dom folded the mental space around her and brought her into the cabin-like interior of her mountain. The ceilings looked higher, and various magical creatures of disparate origins hung frozen in intricate taxidermied states of motion amidst the rafters. A black bear stared sightlessly down at her from the nearest beam, its mouth agape in silent, teeth-filled fury. A fire roared cheerfully in the fireplace, which was now framed by a glorious array of stones, some suitable for such construction and others, like an enormous hunk of uncut diamond, too ridiculous to contemplate overlong.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The wood floor shone with fresh wax as she made her way to the pair of chairs-more thrones, now, with great, arching backs of interwoven branches. She looked around for any sign of golems, but either Dom had been smart enough to hide them or he’d envisaged ever-shining floors.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“How have you been?” she asked politely as the construct pushed in her chair. He looked the same, a porcelain doll that resembled her current physical form only vaguely. Perhaps she ought to update his shell, to better reflect her current appearance. The only reason he looked that way was to fool intruders, after all.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Busy,” Dom said, smiling slightly as he claimed his own seat and began carefully pouring tea. “I’ve run through all the magic you gave me the last time you visited.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She’d decided to go about having him comb through her magic by only giving him access to a portion of it at a time. As long as he didn’t have more than a fifth of it at once, she didn’t think he’d be able to cause her any trouble she couldn’t handle. She leaned forward, ignoring the steaming teacup in front of her for the moment. “What have you found? Anything?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You were right.” He fixed her with a level stare. “At first it was hard to see, but after some experimentation I noticed that the foreign magic you suspected was just a little slower to react when provoked than your own, vigorously responsive core.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She frowned. “What does that mean?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He stood. “I’ve collected it here.” He plucked a crystal flask from the mantel and held it before her eyes with two fingers. There was a cold blue fire flickering at the bottom, almost writhing in the firelight. “At first it was invisible, stretched thin within your core and for all intents bonded with your own magic. If I do this-” The construct thrust his hand toward the vial and a flare of power reached out from him toward it. For a moment, the blue fire did nothing, but then it lashed against the side of the bottle without warning. The crystal shook, but held. Dom grinned at her over the flask. “Your magic doesn’t hesitate. It reacts immediately to any stimulus, while this blue fire always goes still before striking back.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Like a snake,” she muttered, frowning at the creepy little ball of fire.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Once I could discern the difference, I began separating the two. When this magic is detached from yours, it tends to stick to itself. I also lose all control over it once it’s no longer merged with your core,” he explained, shaking the bottle a little. The flames crawled from one side of the container to the other in a strange parody of pacing. “This is essentially useless to you, now. You can’t use it for anything, but it can’t exert any influence over you, either.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She let out a slow breath. “Thank you. Do you think you can separate the rest of it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“With time,” Dom said, nodding. He went to place the flask back on the mantel but Rigel shook her head.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Lock it away, please.” She didn’t want that stuff just lying around. Dom shrugged, but did place the bottle inside a polished wood cabinet. “Thank you,” she said, meaning it. “I’ll get you a new section of core to work with before I leave.” She still didn’t know what the magic had been intended to <em class="calibre5"> do</em>, but she felt better having part of it isolated.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She picked up her teacup and sniffed at it, amused to find it still just as warm as when he’d poured it. The tea felt entirely solid sliding down her throat, but in a way that was almost more strange in the mental plane than the illusory impression of tea had been the last time she visited. “This is good.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It is acceptable,” he agreed, sipping at his own cup. “Now, what fresh problems have you for me today?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She scowled at him. “I don’t need you to handle all of my problems.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Only some of them, I know,” he said soothingly. The amusement in his dull grey eyes wasn’t surprising, but the concern that underlined it was. “Well?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel sighed. “There’s this tournament,” she admitted. “I have to participate.” She began an explanation that sounded even more convoluted out loud than it did in her head. Dom listened patiently, but when she came to the vow he scoffed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You should not make such deals with your enemies. Nothing you could gain will be worth helping him to achieve anything.” Dom’s foot tapped restlessly as his gaze floated toward the ceiling in thought. “This tournament will attract prestige, however, and give you a chance to prove your worth on an international level. You could recruit many followers, if you make a good enough showing.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I am not interested in followers,” she said firmly. “I’m only doing this so that Riddle will stop legislating against non-purebloods.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No harm in collecting multiple birds from a single stone’s throw,” Dom said archly. “I’m only thinking of your future.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She groaned. “I’d rather you focus on my present. I don’t suppose you have any advice for facing a real Sphinx?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dom grimaced. “Almost nothing on this earth is worth coming between a Sphinx and her treasure. What are they offering the rabble in exchange for competing in this death trap?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel laughed. “The usual. Money. Fame. A magical staff of Zumez that supposedly amplifies power but is probably mostly decorative.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dom choked on his tea. “The Rod of <em class="calibre5"> Zuriel?</em> ” He stared at her, entirely aghast. “They’re giving <em class="calibre5"> that</em> hunk of self-important rock to the winner? Why not simply kill them and enslave their will in the spectral plane right off? It would certainly involve less oration.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She stared at him. “Are you saying… you know the Rod of Zuriel?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dom rolled his eyes. “Not hardly. I’ve crossed paths with it once or twice, and I <em class="calibre5"> don’t</em> relish the memories.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She had a disturbing thought. “Are all large gemstones sentient?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He ignored her. “You are going to win this tournament, correct?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I think Riddle means me to,” she said, suspicious of the smile blooming across his face. It worried her when Dom was too pleased. “But seriously, are gemstones above average receptive to magical sentience for some reason?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dom ignored her, too busy smirking over his tea. “Excellent. Just marvelous.” He started laughing, but caught himself with a cough and simply smiled at her innocently. She was not fooled. “I mean, how wonderful. Will you destroy its physical form as well?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I don’t have any solid plans for it,” she said with a frown. “Why?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No reason, just curious,” Dom said, still smiling. “Now, you asked about Sphinxes. Do not attempt to cross them physically. They will do anything to guard what they’ve been assigned to protect, which is what makes them such excellent servants. Unfortunately, they have this penchant for riddles that you can use to your advantage…”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">They spent the rest of her time in the mindscape discussing all the riddles Dom had ever heard, but Rigel didn’t forget his keen interest in the Rod of Zuriel. It looked as though she’d have to add that artifact to the list of things she needed to research after all. The very last thing she needed was to win the tournament and wind up with another Dominion Jewel on her hands.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Five days before the first task, Rigel came across Hermione in the Library. The bushy brunette stood cross-armed at the bookshelf of Healing tomes, scowling at something only she could see.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Need help finding something?” Rigel asked. Hermione started a bit and flushed at Rigel’s pleasant expression.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There’s no copy of Henderson’s Intermediate Approaches to Magical Maladies,” Hermione said, gesturing to the stacks with a frustrated hand motion. “I have an essay on diagnosing modern magical mishaps, but no reference material to work with.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded in understanding. “The Hogwarts Library is wonderful, but it isn’t as robust in Healing as it is in other subjects.” She opened her book bag and rummaged for a moment before pulling out the book Hermione needed. “Here, use this. I already did that lesson.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What do you mean you already did it?” Hermione demanded, taking the book and leafing through it as though to check it really was the one she wanted.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I try to keep up with Harry’s syllabus,” she said, shrugging. “It helps me a lot in my own Healing studies here.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Harry told me that,” Hermione said, shaking her head impatiently. “I mean how can you have studied it already? I just got notice today that we needed to reference this text for our essay. It wasn’t in the general syllabus, and there’s no way you’ve written the essay in the last-”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Five hours? No,” Rigel admitted, smiling. “I have a faster way of communicating with Harry than owl post. The book is yours, if you want it.” She’d read most of it in any case.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The girl clutched the book close to her chest. “Thank you. Do you often have to buy your own books to keep up with our curriculum?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Sometimes,” Rigel said, shrugging. “Madam Pomfrey also has a good private collection she’s happy to lend to the few students she has. If you have any more books you need but can’t find here, feel free to ask me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You do like helping me,” Hermione commented, a strange look in her eyes. “Are you just being nice to me because Harry asked you to?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel cocked her head. “What makes you think that?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She hugged the book tighter to her chest with a pensive frown. “I’ve seen the way your friends look at me in the halls. Like I’m an animal in a zoo they don’t want to get too close to. I understand how prejudice works, you know. It’s normally something you grow up with, and it can be very hard to change. If you’re just humoring me for Harry’s sake, I’d rather you not, thanks all the same.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She had to admire the girl’s pride. “At first, I was going to be nice to you for Harry’s sake,” she admitted, deciding honesty was something Hermione would appreciate. “However, what I’ve seen of you so far, I like. You speak your mind and you’re participating in the tournament for reasons I can respect. Coupled with what Harry tells me of your virtues, I’d consider myself lucky to be your friend.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What does he-she-” Hermione sighed. “What does Harry say about me?” The girl looked interested despite herself.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Just that you hung the moon and the sun in the same day,” Rigel said.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione scoffed. “Harry is so hyperbolic. I never know what he really means.” Hermione shot Rigel a self-conscious glance, adding, “Do you refer to Harry as a boy or a girl usually?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel felt herself go still. What to say? She took a slow breath. “I… refer to Harry as a girl to those who know Harry as a girl, and a boy to those who know Harry as a boy, as you do. People who don’t know Harry at all will say ‘the Potter Heiress,’ but those people’s perceptions don’t matter much.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s so complicated,” Hermione said. She didn’t sound like she was complaining, exactly, but she did seem frustrated. “In the alleys it’s the same. Some people refer to Harry as a boy, some as a girl who presents as a boy. It’s confusing.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Harry wouldn’t want you to be confused,” Rigel offered, feeling acutely awkward. “Think of it like… a secret. Think of Harry as a boy, but to protect his secret, you can refer to him as a girl in front of people who don’t know him. Does that make sense?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s just-” Hermione broke off, uncertainty painted across her face. Rigel kept her face open and kind. With agonized hesitancy, Hermione said quietly, “I think Harry likes me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He does,” she confirmed, with barely a moment’s thought. If Hermione had already guessed but hadn’t said anything to Archie, she obviously needed someone to talk to. Rigel summoned her most earnest expression. “Underneath Harry’s excitable personality and lighthearted demeanor, he really cares for you.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I know,” Hermione whispered. Her face sagged with discomfort. “But I don’t- oh, I don’t know how to say this. I’m… not attracted to females. Physically. I know,” she rushed on, “that pureblooded culture is supposed to be non-preferential and emphasizes flexibility for the sake of bolstering population or something, and Harry says most people don’t admit to having a firm sexuality these days, but I can’t help what I feel. I don’t know if I can ever give Harry what sh-he-wants.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was a white-hot knife twisting in Rigel’s heart. In that moment she understood in startling clarity just what the ruse would ask of Archie. Of course Hermione could not be expected to forgo her natural inclinations to entertain a relationship that held no amorous appeal for her. Still, there must be something she could do to help her cousin’s cause.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I understand,” Rigel assured her gently. “So does Harry. He won’t ever press you, Hermione. Harry values your friendship too much to push you away or make you uncomfortable.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione bit her lip. “I just hate to disappoint him. He’s my best friend. It didn’t used to be this complicated.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Apparently, that’s a normal teenage sentiment,” Rigel said wryly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione smiled weakly. “Nothing has been normal since my eleventh birthday. I can’t bring myself to regret that, though. It’s precious, this life.” The girl made a vague gesture to the stacks around them, but Rigel knew it was meant to encompass the castle itself, and so much more. Hermione’s voice caught as she added, “We’re so lucky to be a part of this.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">As the other girl took her leave, Rigel reflected that she hadn’t felt particularly lucky in a long time.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Just days before the first task, Rigel was in the midst of Healing a perforated pig’s bladder when the Head Girl poked her head into the Hospital Wing and told Madam Pomfrey that Rigel was to be excused for the day. The nurse clucked in annoyance, but took over the operation seamlessly and said, “Read up on the rest of the urinary system and next week we’ll take a closer look at ruptured kidneys.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded and waved goodbye to Zhou, who smiled briefly at her before returning her attention to the pig. Rigel slipped out of her Healing smock, but was aware of the potent stench that followed her out of the Wing. Pansy always refused her company on Fridays until after she showered, though Rigel didn’t think it was <em class="calibre5"> that</em> stomach turning. Judging by the wrinkled nose on the Head Girl’s face, she might have to reconsider that assumption.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The older girl left Rigel at the doorway to a seldom-used classroom, where she found most of the other champions gathered within, along with the Headmaster, Riddle, several reporters, and, in a twist of reality she’d never imagined, the wand maker Ollivander, of all people. Rigel stared at the white-haired old man with a detached sense of horror. It was like witnessing a broom collision-or being in one, rather. There he was right in front of her all of a sudden, and there was nothing she could do about it.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Ollivander was the one person in all the world who held the unifying piece in the puzzle that had spiraled into her current situation. It was Ollivander who had, for reasons she had been too grateful to question at the time, not revealed to Snape in her first year that she was Harriet Potter, not Arcturus Black. Now, after years of putting the knowledge to the side, she was caught in the realization that she had no idea what the man’s motivations might be as far as she was concerned, and she had no guarantee that the wand maker wouldn’t reveal her ruse once and for all that afternoon-in front of members of the international press, no less.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She forced her feet forward and her chin up. If these were to be her last moments as Rigel Black, she would not spend them blubbering or begging. Nothing was certain, yet, and all she could do was carry on in the part she played with bare bravado. Besides, what proof did he have? Even if he kept a record of every wand sold, she could easily claim she and her cousin had switched wands before going off to school. It would even explain better why the original ash wand hadn’t suited her. This and other arguments began to marshal themselves in her head as she stepped more fully into the room.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Ah, Mr. Black.” Dumbledore smiled at her approach. “Now we have only one left to await, I believe. Miss Granger has become adrift in our rather cavernous Library, I suspect.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“She doesn’t waste any time,” Rigel said, smiling back politely. “If I may ask, what is the nature of this meeting, Professor?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I will let Tom explain, if he so desires,” Dumbledore said genially. He raised white eyebrows expectantly at the politician, but Riddle demurred with a cold smile. Dumbledore hummed with amusement. “Well then, Mr. Black, to answer your question, this is a wand weighing.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She blinked in polite confusion. “Is there a weight limit on the wands we may use?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Headmaster laughed. “Fortunately not. It is merely a formality that ensures no candidate in the competition is utilizing a damaged or otherwise compromised wand.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“So that no one can say their wand was the cause of their failure,” Jacob Owens chimed in, smiling widely. For some reason the American always seemed to be on the edge of a joke only he fully understood.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“If I promise not to make any such claims, can I skip it?” Rigel asked. “Only I’ve got a pig back in the Hospital Wing that I’d like to see back to full health.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">A couple of the others laughed, but most only gave her odd looks. “Is zat what I smell?” Delacour asked, raking her eyes over Rigel’s robes as though she could spot the viscera on them if she looked hard enough. Rigel shrugged apologetically.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The formality is mandatory for all champions,” Riddle said firmly. The quelling look he sent her recalled the exact wording of the Unbreakable Vow she’d sworn. As if she needed reminding.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It won’t take long,” Ollivander promised. When her eyes met his with wary reluctance, the old wizard winked at her. At least, she thought he did. It was the barest flutter of lash, there and gone before she could be sure.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione was ushered into the room shortly thereafter, and Riddle beckoned the reporters-two men in smart business robes and one neon-attired Rita Skeeter-forward.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Welcome champions and guests, to the Weighing of the Wands. In addition to the formal registering of your wands today, you will also be giving an interview to one of our three esteemed reporters.” He introduced each of them with a politician’s smile. “Rita Skeeter, special correspondent to the <em class="calibre5"> Daily Prophet</em>, Mark Russel, author of the popular <em class="calibre5"> Continental Column</em>, and David Prescott from the <em class="calibre5"> Salem Star</em>.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel could not help thinking that it was rather clear who Riddle’s intended audience was for his little experiment. All the articles would be published in English, and all three of the chosen papers were geared toward middle class readers with more thirst for entertainment than substance. He was not interested in making a scientific or academic point, but in sensationalizing the subject of blood politics in the popular imagination.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Before that, I’ll open the floor for any questions you have concerning the first task,” Riddle offered. His expression was entirely magnanimous, and he waited patiently for the competitors to martial their thoughts.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Vill ve be allowed in the forest before the task?” Krum asked.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Is a wand all we’re allowed?” Antiope’s eyes were sharp on Riddle as he pretended to think about the question before answering.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“We can bring anything?” Sousa asked, looking cheered at the prospect.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Anything you can carry,” Riddle allowed. Really, he could have just said ‘anything.’ A wizard was never limited by space.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The questions went on, mainly about what they should expect to face in the forest, but Riddle deflected them all deftly. Rigel began a mental list of the potions she wanted to brew fresh for the task. It couldn’t hurt to have a few extra Blood-replenishers, and while she didn’t anticipate relying on it, a Calming Draught would be wise, just in case.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Should we perhaps commence the weighing?” Dumbledore put in after every champion had the opportunity to ask questions. “I do have a class to teach this afternoon, I’m afraid.” He twinkled blue eyes at Rigel, who was his only student in said class. She had to smile.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’d like to get back to class, as well,” she put in solemnly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Riddle’s expression dripped with such solicitousness she doubted anyone else saw the annoyance laying in its shadow. “Certainly; we must not stand in the way of edification. Perhaps you’d like to go first then, Mr. Black?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her eyes flickered toward Ollivander again, but the old man’s face revealed only pleasant interest. The wand maker held out his hand expectantly, and Rigel fetched her wand with hands that shook.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Ah, yes, my old friend.” Ollivander grasped the Holly wood almost fondly, running his hands over the length of it and holding it close to his misty eyes to better inspect its condition. “You’ve not had an easy time with this one, eh?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel wasn’t sure whether he was talking to her or to the wand, but she nodded in any case. “We’ve come to terms with one another,” she offered. Maybe if he thought she was treating her wand right he’d be less inclined to reveal her secret. Or maybe not-it was only a tool, after all, not a pet. Still, the elderly wizard didn’t look at the wand as though it were a mere instrument.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You have,” the wand maker agreed. “Holly is a loyal wood, once its allegiance is won. It will serve you well.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He began to hand the wand back, and she had reached to grab it when Skeeter asked, “And the core? The length? My readers will want <em class="calibre5"> every</em> detail.” Her acid green quill was poised over a pad of paper, ink slowly pooling at its tip like venom welling in its sack.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Phoenix feather,” Ollivander said, face blank. “Eleven inches.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Is it…?” Dumbledore trailed off, as though he’d begun the question despite himself. He looked equal parts hopeful and uneasy.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Ollivander’s eyes flickered toward Rigel and away before he nodded once. Dumbledore’s eyes locked onto Rigel’s and held them for a long moment, but the Headmaster didn’t say another word. Rigel began to frown. What was wrong with phoenix feathers? Surely there wasn’t some kind of stigma around that, too. She glanced around the room to try to get a read on the others’ reactions, but none of the competitors seems concerned with the information. It only seemed to mean something significant to Ollivander and Dumbledore-and Riddle. Her eyes caught a ripple of pure astonishment before the politician could disguise it, and she wondered.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">When it was clear no elaboration was forthcoming, she tucked her wand away and stepped aside for the next champion. She tuned out the proceedings, not really interested in what kind of wands the others were carrying. What difference did it make? Her mind wandered back to that Saturday in first year when Fate had seemed to breathe across the tiny hairs on her neck. What had Ollivander said then? She hadn’t been paying close enough attention. Something about loyalty, and something about… another wand? He had mentioned the combination was rare, but also that he had sold another wand that was similar, or something. Was it Dumbledore’s wand? Did he also have a phoenix feather core? It couldn’t be something so simple, she thought. Draco and Pansy both had unicorn hair cores, but they weren’t wide eyed and concerned about it.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Still, there had to be something odd going on. When Delacour revealed that her wand contained the hair from her own grandmother, Dumbledore didn’t seem half as intrigued. In addition, she felt the weight of Riddle’s gaze fall heavy on her several times throughout the rest of the wand inspections, and while she didn’t put it past the man to attempt to unnerve her for no reason, she was certain something else predicated his fixation this time.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil was the last to step forward, but he did so sheepishly. He held his empty palms out in open apology. “I have no wand, I am afraid. I did not know they were required.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">This set the room into a tizzy. Rita materialized in the boy’s face with simpering interest. “However do you perform magic, then? A staff? Crystals?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil shook his head with a smile. “I was taught without this kind of focus. In my village, the elders cast with their hands. This is my way also.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Wandless magic, how intriguing,” Rita said, batting her vibrantly-lidded eyes at the Somali boy. “Do you find it… effective?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He shrugged. “It works for me. I cannot say for others.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Riddle bestowed a cool smile on the muggleborn boy, saying, “We look forward to seeing your style of casting in the tournament, then. That concludes the Weighing of the Wands. Each of our guest reporters will now take three champions aside for exclusive interviews. Ms. Skeeter, if you would?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Skeeter’s smile could have burned through concrete with its intensity. “I’ll take the Britain-born, if you don’t mind, Lord Riddle. My readers will simply <em class="calibre5"> adore</em> the juxtaposition-imagine it! One pureblood, one halfblood, and one muggleborn, all from our own magical community. Who will they root for? Who will they fall for? It’s just <em class="calibre5"> delicious</em>.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It sounded rather nauseating, put in those terms. How hadn’t she noticed before that it was just as Skeeter said? Was it just coincidence that one candidate from each category happened to be originally from Great Britain, or was it more of Riddle’s careful maneuvering?</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The man himself inclined his head as though granting a boon. “Mr. Black, Miss Antiope, and Miss Granger-with Ms. Skeeter, if you please.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel reluctantly peeled away from the group and followed Hermione and Antiope out into the corridor. Skeeter ushered them all into a classroom nearby and shut the door firmly behind them. She shooed Rigel and the others into chairs and took a seat on the edge of the teacher’s desk like a finicky cat perching on a dirty limb.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There now, that’s cozy,” the reporter said, still smiling brightly at the three of them. “You all don’t mind if I use a Quick Quotes Quill, do you? I’d like to really concentrate on you, now.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope cast the floating quill a suspicious look, but nodded. Hermione frowned, saying, “As long as we are quoted accurately.” Rigel just tried not to grimace. She could still recall the article this woman had written about the Sleeping Sickness. It had rubbed her the wrong way, painting a more dramatic picture than necessary. She didn’t foresee whatever article came out of this strange interview being any less sensational.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Marvelous. Now, let’s start with our pureblood. Arcturus Rigel Black. Scion to the Noble and Ancient House of Black. How does it feel, representing the oldest and most respected institution in this ground-breaking tournament?” Skeeter leaned forward toward Rigel, who was greeted with a rather indelicate view of the reporter’s open blouse. She fought against the urge to wrinkle her nose at the excess of cleavage on display before her and instead looked down at her hands.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I hope to bring honor to my school and my family,” she said evenly. “I look forward to a challenging and interesting year.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Skeeter tutted at her answer. “Come now, Rigel-they do call you Rigel, don’t they? You can be honest with me. It’s a lot of pressure, isn’t it? You must be dazzled, knowing most of the country is counting on you to uphold the grand tradition of pureblood ability. Will your family disown you if you disappoint them? The Blacks can be very unforgiving, if rumors are true.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel looked up with a frown. “My father would never do that. He understands that ability, as you call it, is tied to the individual, not to any one group. How well I do in this tournament will be a reflection on me, and me alone.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Well said, Rigel.” Hermione was looking at her with something like pride in her eyes. “That’s exactly what ought to be articulated about this tournament. It’s not really about blood. It’s about individuals of different backgrounds coming together and challenging themselves.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Skeeter favored Hermione with a skeptical expression. “It’s the backgrounds we’re talking about, dearie. That’s why the best of the best were chosen to compete. In the end, the one to win will be the one whose background has best prepared him or her for victory. You’re all smart and ambitious, Miss Granger, no doubt about that. You wouldn’t be here if you weren’t. The difference between you and Mr. Black is just blood. No use disputing that.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione visibly bristled and Rigel had to bite her lip on a groan. <em class="calibre5"> Don’t do it</em>, she thought urgently toward the girl. It was no use, though. Hermione, eyes blazing, was about to walk into a political quagmire. “The <em class="calibre5"> difference</em>, as you put it, is opportunity. Blood has nothing to do with ability. If Mr. Black wins it will indeed be a reflection on Hogwarts-it means he has access to quality education and has made good use of it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Then you believe the American Institute of Magic to be of inferior quality, education wise?” Skeeter asked, eyes wide with affected surprise. The implication that Hermione’s failure in the tournament was a foregone conclusion rang clear.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione faltered. “That’s not necessarily the case. AIM is a wonderful school, with a rigorous curricula. No two institutions will be exactly equal, however. The differences in our educational preparation will be what determine the outcome of the tournament, not our particular blood status, that’s all I’m saying.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Skeeter didn’t care what Hermione was saying, and it was obvious. As her brilliant green quill scribbled its way across the parchment, the reporter’s attention turned to Antiope, who had until this point kept her own council. “Miss Ross, isn’t it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Originally, aye,” Antiope said. Her red hair shifted against her cheek as a muscle there clenched. “Until I leave the Athenai, however, I bear Antiope’s title.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Yes, all the girls at your school have names of myth, don’t they?” Skeeter said, nodding as though she knew a great deal about Antiope’s particular situation. “The Amazons of the Modern Day, they call you. It must be very strange for you, suddenly surrounded by young men as well as women here at Hogwarts.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope pressed her lips together. “I’m not sure what you mean. We have young men in Laconia, too. Arguably the finest in the world.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Yes, but those Spartan wizards are so principled, aren’t they?” Skeeter tilted her head in a confiding manner. “And of course the proximity is new for you. Do find yourself <em class="calibre5"> distracted</em> here in Britain? Or are the women of the Chalcioecus immune to the more… masculine charms?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel almost had to admire the woman’s sheer nerve. It took a singular kind of gumption to be that unapologetically rude to someone’s face. Antiope was ready to impale Skeeter’s head on a pike, if the jumping tick in her cheek was any indication. Rigel cut in before the girl could answer-any response would only be twisted beyond comprehension by the reporter’s sharp tongue and even sharper quill.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I do find <em class="calibre5"> myself</em> distracted,” Rigel said smoothly, an expression of wistful admiration on her face. It drew Skeeter in like a pile of manure drew flies. “When I first entered this tournament, I never imagined so many lovely, intelligent, and talented young women would be participating. It’s enough to make the heart faint, isn’t it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Are you admitting to a growing interest in any competitor in particular, Rigel?” Skeeter asked, her voice a tad higher in unconscious excitement.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I really couldn’t say,” Rigel demurred. “It is a positively dazzling array. Then again, I am genetically more susceptible to the allure of beauty and talent than other young men, aren’t I?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Skeeter laughed, a tittering sound that suggested she was exactly as deep as she appeared. “I know first hand how <em class="calibre5"> susceptible</em> the Black men can be, believe it or not.” Rigel sincerely did not. “But that’s neither here nor there. Tell me, Rigel. Do you think you exploits over the past three years have fully prepared you for this tournament?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’m sure nothing could prepare one for whatever Mr. Riddle has in store,” Rigel said, maintaining her polite expression.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Lord Riddle’s plans will be ingenious, to be sure, but you’re no stranger to danger, are you? Wasn’t it you who cured an impenetrable disease at the age of eleven? And didn’t you slay a century-old basilisk the very next year? Then there’s that mysterious business last spring, with a professor found dead and you, unaccountably abused and rescued the same day from being buried alive in the very forest in which you are to compete just days from now… well, it’s an incredible collection of adventures, isn’t it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel honestly had no idea how to respond to that. It wasn’t even really a question. Skeeter didn’t want her to confirm or deny her suppositions. She only wanted Rigel to squirm. Well, she would not give the journalist the satisfaction. “I do seem to have had a string of bad luck, don’t I? I hope my participation in the tournament will not be seen as a bad omen.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Skeeter’s mouth twisted in sardonic amusement. “If anything, it’s <em class="calibre5"> ordained</em>,” she breathed. Rigel was surprised not to see foam in her teeth. “I’m certain my readers will be positively breathless to see how you perform, Rigel Black. Do us proud, won’t you?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her smile was more of a wince, but the reporter didn’t seem to notice. The ‘interview’ ended shortly thereafter, but it was a long time before Rigel was able to purge the crawling sensation from her skin. She shuddered to think what monstrosity of popular journalism Rita Skeeter would produce from the afternoon’s interrogation. Merlin willing, it would fail to sway anyone with a modicum of good sense.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Her head was still chewing through the likely consequences of the impending article when she arrived at her weekly Alchemy lesson. Dumbledore was waiting for her in his workroom, but a single glance at her expression prompted him to set aside the chalk and call for tea instead. A pair of comfy, oversized chairs replaced the array table with a gentle bell tone and Rigel had to smile. She wondered if she’d ever be so good at magic that she added sound effects just for fun.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I find a small pot of good tea can reduce many troubling problems to a manageable size,” the Headmaster commented when a house elf had delivered the tea tray and poured them both cups.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel swirled the tea pensively, watching the little twister in the center of her cup with detached curiosity. “Would that tea could reduce an entire nation’s pride and folly to a more manageable size,” she said after a moment.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore hummed thoughtfully. “You’d have to poison a great deal of tea.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Startled, she let a snort escape her. The older wizard twinkled at her when she met his gaze. “There’s probably not enough belladonna in the world,” she said with a small grin. “Ah, well. We’ll have to try persuasion after all.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Using the tournament, you mean?” Dumbledore’s smile faded and a serious note entered his voice. “I admit I was surprised you agreed to participate, Mr. Black.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You’re not the only one,” she allowed, her grin twisted into a grimace.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Your father wrote me to ask whether I could prevent it. Alas, it is not in my power to bar specific students from competing. I told Sirius it was your choice to make, and no one else’s.” Dumbledore held her gaze for a long moment, and Rigel felt inexorably guilty. How could she explain to the man who had dedicated his life to defending the rights of the disenfranchised that she had made a deal with his political rival in a clumsy attempt to prevent further pressure coming to her or her family?</p>

    <p class="calibre55">A flash of discomfort in her head snapped her eyes shut and away. Dom was warning her. She lost her relaxed posture and sat up straight in her chair. “If you want to know why, you can just ask, sir.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore had the grace to look apologetic, at least. “Are you free to tell me, if I ask?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel blinked. He thought Riddle might have silenced her? She supposed Legilimency might be one way around an oath that prevented someone knowingly revealing information. It didn’t make her feel better about his attempt to scan her surface thoughts, but she understood that if she <em class="calibre5"> had</em> been under oath not to reveal anything about her participation in the tournament and he’d asked permission to read her thoughts, she’d have been obligated to refuse. She also would have had to immediately stop thinking those thoughts while around him. “I can talk about it. I’m just not certain you’ll approve. My father definitely wouldn’t.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He took a sip of tea with an air of innocence that must have been decades in the crafting. “I will probably forget all about this conversation the next time I meet Lord Black. The mind is a sieve in old age, you know.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Sure</em>, she thought wryly. <em class="calibre5"> A sieve locked in an iron trunk</em>.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">As she’d already told Pansy and Draco, not to mention Aldon Rosier, she supposed it didn’t really buy her anything to keep the situation from the Headmaster. Maybe, a small voice whispered, he could even help her somehow. “I made a deal with Riddle,” she said at last. “He wanted me in the tournament badly enough to trade for my cooperation. In exchange for my participating in every event to the best of my ability, he released a public statement decrying the actions of the radicals who’ve been terrorizing muggleborns and their supporters.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore’s eyebrows rose. “I thought it was unusually farsighted of Tom to distance his political party from those renegades. You show remarkable insight into the world around you for one so young. That announcement has done much to stymie public support for the radicals, though I fear public ennui will be harder to counteract.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She nodded. “That’s good. I wanted to tie Riddle’s hands, since he was so intent on tying mine. That’s why I also stipulated that if I win the tournament, he must cease his legislative agenda against muggleborns.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore’s hands tightened briefly on his teacup. “In its entirety? Tom would never agree to that in good faith, Mr. Black.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Not the entirety,” she admitted. “I bargained for the specific areas of employment opportunity, healthcare, and the marriage law. I tried to include education, but he modified the vow to discount it. That was a long shot, but I had to at least try.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Headmaster’s eyes began to grow misty, and he set his teacup aside to clasp his hands together before her. “Mr. Black, rare are those willing to put themselves in physical discomfort-much less mortal peril-for the benefit of strangers. You might have asked for anything else from Tom; his platform, while regrettable, nevertheless affords him a great deal of personal power. That you asked for this gives an old man hope for the future of our society. I must commend your selflessness and integrity.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The guilty feeling was back in force. Rigel shook her head helplessly. “Please, don’t. It’s not like I sought this out or have ever been a strong enough advocate for muggleborn and halfblood rights, even among my own classmates. Riddle was going to make me participate one way or another. I just wanted it to mean something. But I’m not a hero, sir.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore’s smile widened. “And what do you think a hero is, Mr. Black?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She cleared her throat. “Well. A hero is someone who sees a wrong and sets out to fix it regardless of the cost to themself. Someone like Hermione Granger, who didn’t have to have anything to do with this tournament, but came knowingly to be judged and degraded before the world simply because she knows blood prejudice is wrong and she thinks someone should stand up against it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That is one definition,” the Headmaster agreed. “In my years, I have seen many types of heroes, however. Sometimes heroism is as simple as ordinary principles that inspire one person to disagree out loud with another. Then there are the silent heroes. You may be forgiven for not recognizing them, for they often do not recognize themselves. The silent hero is one who corrects a wrong quietly, anonymously, and allows the world to turn on uninterrupted, never knowing how the problem came to be fixed.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Like Professor Snape,” she murmured, understanding his point.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">His eyebrows rose. “Severus told you of that?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I may have dragged it out of him,” she admitted.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You are very like Severus,” Dumbledore told her, smiling once more.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She flushed. It was too soon for anyone to compare her to Severus Snape. Maybe in another decade or two. “If my life is half as impactful as Master Snape’s, I’ll consider it well-lived.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Headmaster inclined his head. “Well then, Mr. Black, let us see about winning you a tournament.” He beckoned to the air with an empty hand and a slim volume materialized in it. “This will be of use to you. Think of it as supplemental reading.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She took the proffered book at flipped the cover back to see the title on the first page. <em class="calibre5"> Arrays for the Harried</em>. A quick perusal of the contents showed a series of extremely simplified arrays-no more that two or three runes needed in execution. “Is this Alchemy on the go?” she asked, intrigued.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Just so,” Dumbledore said. “A collection of quick arrays that rely more on magical input than complex definition through runes. They aren’t sophisticated, but sometimes you need a fast solution, not an elegant one.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It certainly played to her strength, she thought, looking at the magical coefficients described in the accompanied equations. They were higher than any other array he’d taught her, and the equations weren’t very well balanced, either. A significant portion of the magic she put into the arrays would be lost just in igniting them. For someone with average levels of magic, she doubted the arrays would be useful at all. For her, though, and certainly for a wizard as powerful as Dumbledore, they would be invaluable in a pinch.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Thank you, sir,” she said, putting the book into her bag with a thrum of anticipation. “I really appreciate the help.” After a moment of thought, she added, “Do you think you could help with one other thing this year?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I can certainly try,” the wizened professor promised.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You’ve probably already thought of this, but could you work on discrediting the tournament? The ideal outcome I think would be if I managed to win, so that Riddle has to uphold his agreement about the legislation, but the tournament itself becomes so controversial that a pureblood winning doesn’t necessarily buy Riddle’s party anything in terms of social or political justification for continuing intolerance of muggleborns and halfbloods.” At least, that was the best outcome she could currently see. Then again, she wouldn’t feel too put out if Hermione managed to win, either. Having a muggleborn declared blood champion might just be enough to make people see them as equal. <em class="calibre5"> Or</em>, her heart sank at the thought, <em class="calibre5"> it might be enough to make purebloods hate them even more.</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Since the World Cup, I have dedicated the bulk of my resources to counteracting the radicals and their propaganda.” Dumbledore confided. He appeared calm, which she supposed spoke to his volumes of experience in public affairs. Nothing about the radicals and their erratic string of attacks on muggleborn-affiliated institutions was calming. “It is time, perhaps, to turn some of my attention back to this tournament. Doubtless there will be numerous opportunities to inconvenience Tom in the coming months.” He seemed almost cheered by the prospect.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Are you in some way related to the Weasleys?” she asked, smiling a little. “Only, you sound a bit like the twins when they see a chance for mayhem.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Thank you for that favorable comparison, Mr. Black. I did have red hair in my youth.” He curled his white beard absently. “Anything is possible. I haven’t examined all the branches in my family tree.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel did not believe that for a moment, but she offered, “My father could tell you how to make one like ours-be warned, though, as it tends to take over whatever room you put it in.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore hummed. “I rather prefer the mystery.” He flicked his fingers toward the now empty teapot and cups, sending them to whatever dimension Dumbledore’s dirty dishes were banished. “Now, then. We did have a lesson scheduled, but perhaps your time would be better served elsewhere this week, Mr. Black. The first task approaches, after all. Unless there is anything else?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was, of course, but Rigel felt a little foolish even asking the great wizard. Then she imagined asking anyone else and realized she would feel foolish in any case. It might as well be Dumbledore. “I was wondering-well, I wasn’t until today, but after the wand ceremony today I wondered… is there something strange about my wand? Only you and Riddle and Ollivander were all acting a bit odd about it. Maybe I’m being paranoid.” She let out a self-deprecating laugh. What did she expect him to say, really?</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore did not laugh with her. “What did Ollivander tell you about that wand?” he asked. The neutrality in his voice immediately put her on edge.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He said a phoenix’s loyalty was hard to win, I think,” she said, frowning. “There was something about another wand, too, but I don’t remember it clearly.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Headmaster inclined his head. “You’ve met my phoenix, Fawkes, have you not?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded, eyes widening. “Is it… one of his feathers? I didn’t know Ollivander used materials from familiars; I assumed the feather had come from a wild phoenix.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Most wand materials are collected from wild trees and creatures. At times, however, a creature or being is inspired to give freely of themselves to a wizard. In Fawkes’ case, he has given two such feathers in his long life.” Dumbledore fixed her with a level gaze. “The second feather resides in your wand, Rigel. I will not lie to you, however; this fact alone is not so extraordinary as to cause alarm. If I may ask, what do you know about brother wands?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’ve never heard the term,” she said, frowning. She was a little amazed to know the exact phoenix that had given a feather for her wand, but there was a fogginess in her mind that told her she didn’t fully understand the implications yet.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It refers to two wands whose core material was taken from the same creature. Not the same species, mind you. The same exact being. It is rare enough for a creature to give more than one hair or feather in a lifetime. Rarer still for two wands who share a core in that way to ever meet.” Dumbledore’s eyes clouded with thoughts Rigel couldn’t hope to follow.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Please, sir. Are you saying that you and I have brother wands?” She understood that it was extraordinary, but the fact didn’t seem to merit the level of gravity Dumbledore was exhibiting.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The old wizard shook his head sharply. “You misunderstand, Rigel. The first feather my phoenix gave does not reside in my wand, but in Tom Riddle’s.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The world seemed to go very still. There was a rushing in her ears and the world abruptly occupied an axis that didn’t mesh. She gripped the arms of her chair reflexively, fighting the nauseated feeling in her stomach. “That’s mad,” she whispered. “What kind of sick joke is that? Riddle and I are <em class="calibre5"> nothing</em> alike.” At least, she fervently hoped they weren’t.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It is not a question of similarity,” Dumbledore assured her. “It is merely a stroke of Fate. It means nothing in terms of your own character, Mr. Black. Its import lies in the implication for any interactions between them. It is said that brother wands must never cross one another.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She grimaced. “Are you saying I can’t oppose him?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Not at all. Your life is your own to lead. If, however, you should ever find yourself at the end of Tom’s wand, or he at yours, even I would not hazard a guess as to the outcome.” Dumbledore looked truly apologetic. “I don’t wish this to unduly influence your actions. I only mean to make you aware of this accident of chance, that you will not be taken by surprise at some future moment through ignorance.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel wasn’t sure what she thought about the idea that she and Tom Riddle shared some sort of wand bond. It must be equally upsetting for Dumbledore to think that his political nemesis was carrying one of his familiar’s feathers in his wand, though, so she strove to maintain politeness. She rose and collected her book bag from its place near her feet. “Thank you, sir. I appreciate your telling me the truth. There are a number of potions I need to brew today, so I should go and prepare. I promise when the first task is over, I’ll catch back up to our normal lesson pace.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I never doubt your dedication, Mr. Black. Good luck in the forest. If you get into trouble, don’t hesitate to send up sparks.” His eyes were earnest, not a twinkle in sight. “You’ve been very brave, but no legislative victory is truly worth your life.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’ll be careful, sir,” she promised. And she really would. Whatever the reward, there were too many people who would never forgive her if she went into the forest and didn’t come out.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">The day of the first task dawned grey and dreary. She knew she shouldn’t be up at dawn, since there was a good chance she’d be up all night traipsing through the dark forest, but she couldn’t sleep past first light. Draco and Pansy rose with her, and all three took it easy on their morning jog. Her friends tried to engage her in conversation a couple of times, but she wasn’t in the mood to talk about the tournament and talking about anything else felt forced. With no classes to distract her, she retired to her lab to do one last inventory of her potions kit.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She had made all the preparations she could reasonably expect. She had a plethora of first aid potions, including Blood-Replenishers, distilled Dittany, and Pain Relief. There were also fresh doses of her own Protection Potion, with an imbued Fortis that was as strong as she dared. Looking at her kit with critical eyes, there was one other thing she wanted to put into it. She felt stupid for even considering it, but the anxiety in her chest would not let up, so she made her way to the kitchens.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was to be a grand feast tonight to celebrate the commencement of the tournament tasks, so the expansive room was alive with activity, but Binny somehow took the time to come sit with her while the others made up the package of food and water she wanted to include in her kit. She knew she wouldn’t be in the forest more than a few hours, but she couldn’t help the impulse. Rigel thought just having the food and water in her pack would help her keep calm in the woods.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You is being very careful in the woods,” Binny cautioned her. “Binny is hearing all sorts of things about the new beings in there.” Her voice dropped to a whisper. “Elves is being called to feed them. Otherwise they is eating one another.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I imagine the dragon eats a lot,” she commented. “Is there only the one?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Binny’s ears drooped a little. “You is not supposed to be knowing about her.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel smiled reassuringly. “I didn’t hear it from an elf.” She didn’t push Binny further for details. She didn’t have time to prepare for anything new in any case, so there was no sense risking the elf getting in trouble. “So they’ve kept you all pretty busy down here, huh?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“We is not minding,” Binny said happily. Then her ears drooped again slightly. “But some of the contestants is being more trouble than others.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She frowned. “Who’s making trouble for you?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I isn’t complaining,” Binny stressed, though she twisted her hands in her champagne-cork necklace agitatedly. “Missy Granger isn’t knowing any better.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Hermione’s been difficult?” Rigel was honestly surprised. Of all the candidates, Hermione seemed one of the <em class="calibre5"> least</em> high-maintenance. She supposed she didn’t know the girl all that well, though. “I will talk to her,” she promised. “She’s really a nice person, so I’m sure she didn’t mean to cause any trouble.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Binny’s eyes widened. “You is speaking to her? Asking her not to be leaving scarfs and hats around?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel’s eyebrows rose in confusion. Normally a house elf wasn’t bothered by a bit of mess-in fact, she’d seen Binny positively rapturous over a sink of food-encrusted dishes. “If I ask her to pick up after herself, I’m sure she would,” she offered.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The house elf shook her head so hard her ears flapped. “I isn’t meaning tidying. Missy Granger is leaving clothes in piles of other things to trick elves into taking. She is freeing elves.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Oh.” Rigel coughed against the urge to laugh. It was certainly not a laughing matter for the elves, but she could see exactly what had happened when Hermione realized that bonded servants-slaves, really-were cooking and cleaning the castle. No doubt the muggleborn girl was shocked and horrified. If she’d done a little research in the Library, any book on house elves could have told her how to free one. Rigel doubted she’d read any good books on their species, however, or she’d know that they not only didn’t want to be freed, but that Hermione had no authority to free them, as they were bound to Hogwarts itself, not to the students. Only Dumbledore could free an elf from Hogwarts. Even still, it was probably horribly upsetting for the elves that she was even attempting it. “She definitely doesn’t mean any harm. I’ll explain the situation to her, all right?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Thank you,” Binny said, sighing gustily. “The others is fighting over who is cleaning <em class="calibre5"> her</em> room.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Poor Hermione. She really did mean well, Rigel knew. She had to, to be expending energy in freeing house elves when by anyone’s estimation she ought to have been spending all her time preparing for the tournament. Perhaps she’d benefit from a different project to focus her free time on while she was at Hogwarts. Rigel would have to think about it after the first task.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was a flurry of activity at the door as one of the Weasley twins ducked into the kitchens and the house elves flocked to press food into his empty palms.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Rigel?” He spotted her and wound his way through the activity to where she sat. It was George, she realized, in weekend attire of jeans and jumper. “What are you doing down here? Shouldn’t you be preparing for the task tonight?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She gestured to the bundle of food and flasks of water on the table in front of her. “Just collecting supplies.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">George eyed the food with a slight frown. “You’ll only be in there for a few hours, right?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel shrugged. “You never know.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Binny excused herself to continue preparations for the feast and George took her abandoned seat next to Rigel. “Is this about last spring? You never talked about it, and it all happened so fast no one could figure out what exactly happened.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I can’t talk about it,” she muttered, annoyed that the mere mention of it was already getting her pulse up.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">George looked thoughtful. “Whenever my dad can’t talk about something at work, it’s because there are Unspeakables involved,” he said slowly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You’re very smart, George,” she said without expression.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He cursed. “Look, if you’re in there for more than six hours, Fred and I will storm in after you. Ron and Ginny will only be a few steps behind. So don’t ever think that you’re fully alone in there.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She smiled weakly. “Thanks, George. I really appreciate your support.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Are you really okay with participating, Rigel?” he asked. “You don’t have to do this. We can say you’re ill. I’ll paint Spattergroit pox all over you and you can go home this afternoon. Wait out the year at home, probably do so much self-study that you take your OWLs a year early. You know, normal stuff. Not this madness.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She laughed softly. “Don’t tempt me. I know just the potion to mimic Spattergroit’s feverish swelling. Pretty sure I could reverse-engineer a healing technique to give myself pustules, too.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What a talent to brag about,” George said, laughing with her. “You may have a grand career in skiving ahead of you.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“My father will be so proud.” Actually, he might be, she thought.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Just don’t forget us little people when you’re covered in glory.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And pustules.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">They both laughed again. It felt good to just joke about something nonsensical and stop worrying for a few moments. “You’re going to do great, you know,” George told her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’ll do my best for Hogwarts,” she allowed. “For Draco and Diggory and all the others who would rather be in my place.” <em class="calibre5"> For all the halfbloods and muggleborns I might help if I actually won</em>, she added silently.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’ve something to help with that,” George said, fishing in his pockets. He had to pull out several sweets before he found what he was looking for. It was a small packet tied with a green ribbon that expanded with a tap of his wand. “This is for you. From Fred and me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She took the gift carefully. A tug of the string undid the wrapping and revealed a soft long-sleeved jersey in forest green. She lifted it to see a silver snake, black badger, golden lion, and bronze eagle embroidered proudly down the sleeves. On the back it read ‘HOGWARTS’ in bold white lettering. “You shouldn’t have,” she breathed, running her fingers across the embroidered lion with awe. It was simply stunning.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“We can’t have any ambiguity about who we’re routing for, can we?” George smiled encouragingly at her. “Anyway, Mum and Ginny helped us make it. Go on, try it on.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She frowned. “I… here?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He raised an eyebrow. “I don’t think the house elves will be too scandalized.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She forced a laugh. “Right. Ok.” Rigel stood from the table and gingerly slipped her robes over her head, keeping her shoulders hunched forward so that the material of her undershirt pooled around her chest, disguising any distortion that her not-quite-flat chest might create. She slipped the jersey on quickly, relieved that it proved loose enough and straight enough that any hint of curve about her hips was cleanly hidden.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s a bit big,” George said, sounding disappointing. “I forget how small you are without the robes.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s perfect,” she assured him, grinning brightly. “See? I can move freely.” She twisted and swung her arms to demonstrate. “I love it. Thank you, George. Thank Fred, too, if you see him before I do.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He’ll be sore I gave it to you without him,” George admitted. He shrugged his shoulders. “Didn’t know if I’d see you again before the task, though.” She went to take it off once more but he stopped her. “Wear it to dinner. Show them all that you’re proud to represent this school.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She nodded. “All right. I only hope by the end of tonight the school is proud to have me representing them, too.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And now we come to the second part of your gift,” George said happily. She tried to protest, but he waved her words away impatiently. “This one’s just from Fred and me.” He produced a smaller box from his pocket. “Open it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel took it with a rueful smile. “I don’t deserve a friend like you, George.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Don’t say that until you’ve opened it,” he laughed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She lifted the lid and saw… she wasn’t sure what. It was a grey disk about the size of the palm of her hand, no more than an inch thick at its center. It seemed blank at first, but when she tilted it toward the light, etched runes glinted dully at her. “What is it?” she asked, looking down into George’s expectant face. “Sorry, but I’ve never seen anything like this before.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I invented it,” George said. He took the hand that was holding the disk and pulled it toward him. “Here, feel this dent?” He guided her finger over the indentation in the center carefully. “Press down on it for a few seconds to activate it. Then throw it as far away from yourself as you can and wait for the show.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Show?” Rigel looked curiously at the innocuous device. “Does it explode?” she asked jokingly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Exactly,” George said. At her alarmed frown he added, “Relax, pup. It’s a <em class="calibre5"> firework</em>.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“This little thing?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Don’t underestimate it. This baby packs a punch. I thought it would be useful in the forest. If you need a big distraction, or if you just want to celebrate when you win, this little pod will make sure everyone watching remembers your performance.” George released her hand and she pocketed the disk reverently.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I don’t know what to say, George. I can’t thank you enough.” Overwhelmed, she leaned down to give the Gryffindor a brief hug.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He chuckled into her ear. “If you use it, that’ll be thanks enough. Just remember to tell people where you got it, if they ask.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She nodded, pulling back. “I will. I suppose I should be going,” she added, picking up her robes and the package of food and water. “Pansy and Draco will want to fuss over me before tonight. Thanks again for the jersey and the firework. I’m almost looking forward to tonight.” She wasn’t, really, but the lie felt like the best way to express her gratitude to George for not only wanting to support and assist her, but also for lightening her heart before what was sure to be a draining ordeal.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“If Draco says anything about the jersey, tell him Fred and I will be glad to make a matching one for him if he’s so jealous,” George offered.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She grinned. “I’ll savor the look on his face so that I may describe it to you in detail.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“This is why you’re my favorite,” George said solemnly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Feeling lighter than she had in days, she bid the older boy a good day and headed back to her common room. She really <em class="calibre5"> did</em> think her friends would want the opportunity to fuss, and she was in a much better mood to accept it than she had been that morning.</p>





  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../../ihon0dvl.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="../../1/titlepage.xhtml">The Pureblood Pretense by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_016.html">Chapter 15</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_017.html">Chapter 16</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_018.html">Chapter 17</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_019.html">Chapter 18</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_020.html">Chapter 19</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_021.html">Chapter 20</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_022.html">Chapter 21</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_023.html">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_024.html">The Black Family Names – Real Facts</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../../2/titlepage.xhtml">The Serpentine Subterfuge by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_016.html#id_End">End</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../../3/titlepage.xhtml">The Ambiguous Artifice by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_016.html">Chapter 15</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_017.html">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_017.html#id_End">End</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../titlepage.xhtml">The Futile Façade by murkybluematter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../cover.xhtml">Cover</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../titlepage.html">Title Page</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../summary.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_1.xhtml">1. Healing</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_2.xhtml">2. Correspondence</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../chap_3a.xhtml">3a. Seifer's Solution</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_3.xhtml">3b. The Free Dueling Tournament</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_4.xhtml">4. The Quidditch World Cup</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_5.xhtml">5. Acknowledgement</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_6.xhtml">6. Allegiances</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_7.xhtml">7. Negotiations</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_8.xhtml">8a. Weighing of the Wands</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../chap_8b.xhtml">8b. The Forbidden Forest</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_9.xhtml">9. Blood Wards</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_10.xhtml">10a. Freebrewing</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../chap_10b.xhtml">10b. The Rod of Zuriel</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_11.xhtml">11. Champion of Charity: Rigel Black Gives Back</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_12.xhtml">12. Ascending</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_13.xhtml">13. The Final Task</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_14.xhtml">Who is RBC?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_15.xhtml">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="chap_7.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../../ihon0dvl.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="../chap_8b.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
