<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>The Futile Facade</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../page_styles1.css"/>

  


<link href="../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../ihon0dvl.html">Rigel Black Chronicles
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Violet Matter

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="EPUB/chap_2.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="EPUB/chap_3.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
      <p class="authorsnote">A/N: Apparently this needs to be said: I have no plans to kill off Leo. Or anyone else who doesn’t absolutely have to die for the sake of the plot. I really like my characters. I’m going to try keeping them around. Speculation is great, you guys, but try not to alarm people with random death predictions in the reviews if you can help it.</p>

  <p class="authorsnote">Now, onwards! This chapter covers the duration of the tournament, so expect a lot of the lower alleys and lengthy (read: very lengthy) fight scenes. I promise next chapter will have more of your favorite HP characters to get the plot back on track for the book four arc. That said, don’t ignore the little things in this one-they definitely come back into play later on.</p>
  
     <hr class="calibre59"/>

  <p class="title">3a. Seifer's Solution</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She hadn’t heard anything from Flint all summer and, while she didn’t begrudge his mother a minute in the apartment on Dogwood Lane, she did want to know how long exactly she needed to keep Leo away from the place. After a lengthy deliberation, she decided it wouldn’t be unusual for Harry to stop by and check in on Mrs. Flint. After all, they’d met during the semester and had grown into something like polite friendship during the week she’d imposed on the quiet woman. Perhaps she wouldn’t mind telling Harry how her son’s job hunt was going.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She left for the Leaky mid-morning, preferring to walk to Dogwood rather than surprise Mrs. Flint through the Floo. It was a beautiful summer day in Diagon; there was just enough breeze to keep smells from stagnating without having a wind strong enough to bring the ever-present dust to eye level. On her way toward Knockturn, she met the eyes of several people she recognized on sight as regular patrons of the Dancing Phoenix. A few waved or nodded, but most contented themselves with a swift, assessing glance that was neither hostile nor curious. It was the kind of look that said simply, <em class="calibre5"> I see you</em>, and she received it often in the alleys. The community was close-knit, even in the shadiest areas, though the closeness wasn’t necessarily <em class="calibre5"> friendly</em>.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She had just turned onto Kyprioth Court when a child’s giggling caught her attention. Her eyes moved automatically to the source and found the little girl with the blue ribbon fluttering her fingers at Harry from where she sat on a doorstep. Harry paused in her stroll to alter her course and came to stand before the child. “You again,” she said, smiling down at the seven-year-old. The little girl dipped a half-curtsey from where she was seated with her patchwork skirt tucked daintily underneath her. “How’s the flower-selling business these days?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The girl’s laughter sent her curly red hair aquiver in its ponytail. “Good, if you like bees,” she said, smirking impishly. “Sometimes they follow me for ages.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You must be brave, to put up with it,” Harry praised her.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You must be brave, to enter the tourney,” the girl said. She picked up a long-stemmed tulip and held it up to Harry with a winning smile. “Flower for good luck?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That worried for me?” she asked, flipping the girl a couple coins in exchange for the flower, which she tucked through her belt loop like an ornamental sword.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“The King would be sad if anything happened to you,” the girl said, grinning.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“The King should be more worried about himself,” Harry said wryly. He was the one who had to win the whole thing, after all. She glanced about the court, then took a seat next to the girl with a mental shrug. “What’s your name, young miss?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Margaret,” the girl said at once. “Only, everyone calls me Margo.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s nice to meet you, Margo,” she said, holding out a hand. The girl took it primly in something that was more like the shaking out of a handkerchief than a handshake.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You, too,” Margo said, smiling so wide Harry could see the gap where her left canine had recently fallen out. “Are you going to see the King today?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Not today,” Harry said. “I’m visiting a friend.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m visiting my friend today, too!” Margo exclaimed, obviously pleased at the coincidence. “She’s at Maywell and I’m going to bring her a flower to cheer her up.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That’s a good idea,” Harry said, smiling slightly. “Sick people really appreciate flowers.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Margo nodded solemnly. “Maybe I’ll bring her lots of flowers, then. She’s very ill.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m sorry to hear that,” Harry said, her smile falling.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s okay,” Margo said earnestly. “Cora is super tough. She’s a juggler, and she can do four knives at once! She goes to Maywell all the time when she messes up and gets cut. Or, she used to, at least.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry wasn’t sure what to say to that. “It sounds very difficult,” she offered.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It is,” Margo agreed, shrugging. “I’m no good at juggling. Or thieving. And I don’t like to run anyway, so I sell flowers. Henry thinks flower-selling is for sissies, but Cora says Henry is jealous that he’s not cute enough to sell anything so he <em class="calibre5"> has</em> to thieve.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Are… you all part of the Court of Rogues, then?” she asked.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Oh yes,” Margo said, nodding. “You should meet them-not Henry, he’s mouthy, but the others. Cora would love to meet you. She almost never works in Diagon, so she doesn’t catch a glimpse of you often. Jason-he sweeps up the bird-droppings at Eeylops-wants to meet you, too. He thinks you’re pretty.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m not, really,” she said, feeling awkward and uncertain. The kids Leo used to keep tabs on her wanted to meet her? She supposed it was a natural curiosity.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That’s what I told him,” Margo said proudly. “I said you’re <em class="calibre5"> interesting</em> -looking, and that’s better than pretty.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Thank you,” she said, fighting a smile. “Well, I’d love to meet them. Next time they see me in the alley, tell them to introduce themselves.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I will,” Margo said, smiling brightly and setting her pulled-back hair to bobbing again as she nodded. The girl glanced up at the sky and said abruptly, “Ooh, I’m late! Bye, Harry. See you soon, okay?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She nodded, waving as the little girl scrambled to heft her oversized basket and scurry in the direction of the Phoenix. Harry followed at a more sedate pace until she reached the alley that branched off from Kyprioth Court toward the residential districts beyond. She wound her way slowly toward her destination, taking in the smells of mobile vendors and the bright pops of color that signaled the arrival of summer in window boxes and in patches on the ground where the steady flow of pedestrian traffic hadn’t quite beat the weeds that cropped up between doorways into submission.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Dogwood Lane was as tidy as ever; it looked as though the street-facing windows had recently all received a good cleaning, and several doorsteps were sporting freshly beaten welcome mats. She let herself into the small common area shared between numbers seven and eight with her spare key and climbed lightly up the stairs to the upper apartment. After she knocked, there was only a short pause before the door swung open readily-a far cry from the suspicious eye that had greeted her the last time she’d surprised Mrs. Flint with a visit.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Harry,” the woman said, stepping backwards immediately and beckoning her into the flat. “What a pleasant surprise. Come in.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Hello, Merriam,” Harry said, nodding her thanks as Mrs. Flint closed the door behind her. “Just thought I’d drop by and see how you were getting on. Is now a good time?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She glanced into the living room and was surprised to see a handful of boxes lying in the center, most closed tight but one still open and half-full of newspapers. Mrs. Flint was dressed in practical working clothes and her dark hair was tied up in a kerchief. Was she in the middle of a project?</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Perfect timing, actually,” the woman said, gesturing to the boxes. “I was just packing.” She looked happy at the prospect and more than a little satisfied.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You’re moving out?” Harry blinked, surprised. She supposed she’d got the answer she came looking for, then. “Has Marcus managed to find a suitable position, then?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Mrs. Flint adjusted the sleeves of her tunic somewhat nervously. “I… am not sure what Marcus’s plans are. He has found a temporary position working as a… talent scout, I believe, for a Quidditch team. He plans to purchase his own flat, soon, with his inheritance, but I won’t be joining him there.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Oh?” Harry had been under the impression that Mrs. Flint joining her son was the end game to all of this.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I like my independence,” Merriam said, lifting her chin a fraction. “I like working at the clinic. I want to stay in the alleys, and Healer Hurst was kind enough to help me find a modest town house close to Maywell. I work full-time there, now, so it’s within my means.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That sounds lovely. Does Marcus know?” she asked, curious.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She nodded slowly. “He took some convincing. Marcus can visit whenever he likes, though, and it’s better if my hus… if Marcus’s father knows he lives alone and thinks he has no idea where I’ve gone. Marcus was prepared to cut all ties with his father, of course, but that man is… a dangerous enemy to have.” She said the last in a whisper that was choked with worry for her son and fear for the specter of a man whose memory had not quite ceased to haunt her yet.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I understand,” she said, taking the older woman’s hands in her own. “I think you’re very selfless, protecting Fl-Marcus like that.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Merriam smiled tremulously at her. “My dear, it is you who are selfless. The chance to start over, to stand on my own feet-it’s not something I dared to even hope for. I could not have managed it without your kindness.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You would have managed it somehow,” Harry said, smiling back. This was a much more lively version of Mrs. Flint than she’d met previously. She supposed she ought to stop referring to her as ‘Mrs. Flint’ in her head, in fact. Merriam was nothing like that shade of a person she’d led through the Floo over the holidays.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Nevertheless, I thank you,” Merriam said, leaning forward to embrace Harry warmly. Pulling back, she added, “Please send my regards to your cousin as well. I know it was some sort of favor between him and my son to put us in touch with you, but he was very kind about it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’ll make sure Rigel knows,” she promised. “He’s over in the Americas now, but I’ll certainly tell him in my next letter.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You two must be very close,” Merriam mused, her eyes soft. “You look so alike. Almost like brothers. Marcus should have had a brother, only…” The woman sighed, a sad sound that was full of regret but free of defeat. “Well.” With a determined grimace, the woman shook her head and turned toward the living room. “Here I am, prattling on, when there’s work to be done.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Would you like any help?” Harry offered automatically.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Not much left to do,” Merriam said. “I don’t have much in the way of possessions: just what I’ve managed to accumulate recently. I admit I spent more of my earnings on patterned scarves than I ought to have, but <em class="calibre5"> he</em> always said they were a gaudy-” She broke off, clearing her throat. Glancing apologetically at Harry, she said, “I’m getting better about that. Sometimes it just slips out.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s quite all right,” Harry said. Casting about for a change of subject, she remarked, “You cut your hair, didn’t you? I didn’t notice at first with the headscarf covering it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I did,” Merriam said, smiling proudly. Harry supposed this was probably something else she’d not been allowed to do previously, or perhaps she simply felt the need for a physical change.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It suits you,” Harry said. She tried to think of something else to say, but at that moment a blur of movement startled her into whirling toward the kitchen. A grey and white spotted cat streaked from the doorway into the living room, where it dove beneath the couch and stayed crouched there, luminous eyes blinking distrustfully up at her.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That’s Tatty,” Merriam said, suddenly sounding a tad nervous. “I know you didn’t say whether you minded me getting a pet, but I found it shivering in the rain one night and I didn’t know how to contact you, so-”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s all right,” she assured her. “I don’t mind at all. I should have suggested it, in fact; I know how boring it is living by yourself.” She’d only done it for a few weeks during the Great Polyjuice Fail that spring, and even that had been enough to drive her a bit mad.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">There came a knock at the door, and Merriam glanced at her swiftly, smiling apologetically, before opening it. There was a man standing there with his hat in his hands, looking perfectly ordinary and only the slightest bit familiar. Had she seen him before? She couldn’t be sure, but there was something about the middle-aged man that tugged on her memory.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Harry, this is Mr. Adam Quincy,” Merriam said, gesturing to the man, who nodded to her politely. “He delivers medical supplies to Maywell, and he’s kindly offered me the use of his cart to move my things to my new address. Adam, Harry is the one who’s been kind enough to let me stay here for so long.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry smiled in a friendly way. “It was nice of you to help Merriam out like that,” she said.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Mr. Quincy’s cheeks turned slightly mottled. “Well, when I heard her Floo wasn’t connected yet, I couldn’t let her haul all them boxes alone. What are co-workers for, after all?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Merriam looked equal parts grateful and slightly suspicious at his reasoning, but nodded along nonetheless. “Shall we, then? I’ve just about finished the last box, but perhaps Harry wouldn’t mind carrying the others down with you while I wrap the last few things…?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry moved toward one of the boxes in response. Mr. Quincy hurried forward to heft one as well and they trailed down the stairs. When they reached the street, Harry’s eyes lit on a simple, low-bearing cart waiting by the curb and stumbled slightly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s you,” she said, wonder in her voice at the complexity of coincidence that she seemed unceasingly to be a party to. “That day in the alley, when I caught up to the boy who took my purse-to Jack. It was your cart that stopped him.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m surprised you remember an old cart horse in the face of all that excitement,” Mr. Quincy said, chuckling as he moved forward to set his box down.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She followed suit and turned to face him once she’d relieved her own burden. “Well, I admit I thought you were a cauldron merchant at the time, not a general delivery person.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The middle-aged man winced as he rubbed his back exaggeratedly. “That was a tough job. My muscles remember it well.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She cut herself off from asking why he didn’t use magic to lighten the load a bit by reminding herself sharply that the man who delivered supplies to the clinic was, according to Mrs. Hurst, a Squib. If he were that deliveryman, her question would be entirely ignorant and insensitive.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Mr. Quincy led the way back upstairs, where they each grabbed another box. “Should we-ah-leave room for the furniture?” he asked, looking about the apartment at all the items that were obviously not prepped to be moved.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“No, the furniture stays,” Merriam said. “It’s all Harry’s.” Harry started to open her mouth, ready to tell the woman to take anything she’d like, as it had all been a gift from Leo anyway, but Merriam cut her off. “No, it’s all right. I’ve been saving all these months, you know. I’m quite looking forward to going shopping for the necessities.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“If you need someone to haul them home…” Quincy offered, a bit shyly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Thank you, Adam,” Merriam said, smiling gratefully. A thought seemed to enter her head and her smile widened brightly. “Oh! One moment.” She hurried to the kitchen to retrieve what looked like a basket full of various baked goods-muffins, biscuits, scones: that sort of thing. “Here, I made this for you-to thank you, I mean, for being so kind.” She held the basket out to Mr. Quincy, who nearly dropped the box he held out of distraction as he reached for it.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You didn’t have to,” he said, not looking at all sincere as he eyed the basket of goodies with happy anticipation.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It was no trouble,” Merriam said, waving off his thanks.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Even so,” Quincy said, hooking the basket carefully through one forearm and resituating the box in his hands. “I’ll savor it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">He headed down the stairs once more, and Harry followed him, trying hard not to wonder what exactly the relationship was between the two of them. Should she tell Flint his mother had a potential suitor? She shook her head mentally. Aside from a suicidal inclination to see the look on Flint’s face when she told him he might be getting a stepfather, there was no point to it. By the distrust in her eyes and the careful way she treated the man, Merriam wasn’t ready for a romantic relationship in any case. Harry could sort of relate, though for different reasons, obviously. Who had time for it, really?</p>

  <p class="calibre55">When the cart was loaded, Merriam handed the key she’d been given over to Harry, who used it to lock up the apartment before following the other two downstairs for the final time.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Would you like to see the new place?” Merriam asked once they were ready to set out. Harry considered. She supposed she didn’t have much else to do-nothing that couldn’t wait, at least. It would be nice to know where the woman ended up settled, in case she wanted to visit again.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Sure,” she said, smiling. “Lead the way.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Merriam carried Tatty the cat in a makeshift sort of carrier while Mr. Quincy hefted the cart by its long handles until only the wheels touched the ground and set off at a steady pace behind her. The older man was stronger than he looked; he didn’t appear to be straining himself at all, despite the fact that the cart alone must weigh a good amount for its size. Belatedly, Harry plucked one of the heavier boxes from the back of the cart, figuring that if she was walking over with them anyway, she might as well pitch in. She’d levitate the whole cart if she didn’t think it would be incredibly insulting to a man who made his living hauling materials.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Her arms ached a bit by the time they reached their destination-a quiet little cul-de-sac tucked off of Pendragon Alley, not far at all from the intersection with Wormwood Row-but she’d carried heavier crates of potions farther.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The townhouse was a little rundown on the outside, but it was clean, and the interior appeared to be in good repair. It didn’t take long to deposit Merriam’s things in the empty kitchen. Harry helped her unpack her utensils while Mr. Quincy shifted somewhat awkwardly in the doorway, watching Merriam arrange the bowls and pans to her liking. The man had an uncertain look on his face, but his voice came out relatively even when he said, “Do you want to grab a bite once you’ve unpacked a bit? Since you haven’t got much in the way of groceries yet, I mean. It’ll be good to keep your strength up if you’re going furniture shopping later.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Merriam stilled her movements and flicked her eyes his way without moving the rest of her head an iota. “I’ve taken up a fair amount of your time already, Adam.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I don’t mind,” the man said, twisting his cap between his hands.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well, I do need to eat something,” Merriam said slowly. Her eyes came to rest on Harry, who was both pretending not to listen and keenly waiting for the first opportunity to casually excuse herself. “Harry, are you hungry?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I had a big breakfast,” Harry lied, smiling gratefully. “I also wanted to stop in and see Healer Hurst before she leaves for lunch, so I’d better be heading out, actually. It was great to see your new place, Merriam. I’m sure you’ll be very happy here.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Merriam folded her into a quick hug and said, “Thank you for all of your help, Harry. Would you mind doing me one more favor?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Name it,” Harry said easily. She liked Merriam a lot, and it wasn’t as though she was actually going to the clinic.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I made muffins for Healer Hurst to thank her for helping me find a place to rent,” Merriam said, digging in one of the boxes to pull out a basket, the contents of which were covered with a tartan cloth. “I was going to take them in tomorrow for my shift, but I’m worried they’ll be stale by then. Since you’re going there anyway, would you mind… ?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry smiled ruefully at her luck. It looked as though she’d be visiting Mrs. Hurst after all. “Of course,” she said, taking the basket. “It’s no trouble at all.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She bid Merriam and Mr. Quincy a quick farewell and let herself out into the street. She had taken only a couple of steps toward the mouth of the cul-de-sac when she spotted an entirely obvious figure loitering by Quincy’s empty cart. “Seriously?” she said, affecting an exasperated grimace that threatened to turn into a grin at the innocent smile that was flashed in her direction.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well, fancy meeting you here,” Leo said, entirely disingenuous. She wondered which of his ears had seen her on the way over. Then again, they weren’t far from Pendragon Alley, where construction for the tournament was steadily increasing in scale. He might have spotted her himself, if he was in the area. “Didn’t know you were in the market for a second place. Trying to buy up all the real estate in the alleys, are you?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You got me,” she deadpanned. “I’m planning on building my palace complex here, and once I have all the land in a five-mile radius I can make the entire area unplottable and live out my days the sultan to an invisible kingdom. I might even get a harem.” She had no idea why those words were coming out of her mouth. Perhaps the Dominion Jewel was a bad influence on her mental processes.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Let me know when you start taking applications,” Leo said, amused.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Girls only.” She sniffed, brushing past him with her basket of muffins held primly before her.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">He fell into step beside her, peering at her haul curiously. “What’s in there? Kittens?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She gave him an odd look. “Why would I be carrying a basket of kittens?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s no less valid than any other guess,” Leo said, grinning sideways at her. “Come on, don’t leave me in suspense. Is it flowers?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I doubt Margo would appreciate the competition,” she said, rolling her eyes. “They’re muffins, if you must know. I’m taking them to your mother at the clinic.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo’s eyebrows shot upwards. He gave her a long, somewhat fascinated look, then said, “You bake.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She spluttered. “<em class="calibre5">No. </em> I don’t. They’re not from me.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“They’d be from the mysterious brunette whose boxes you were carrying, then?” he asked, smirking at the annoyed flush that adorned her cheeks.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She’s not mysterious,” Harry said. “She’s nice.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Funny that I’ve never met her before,” Leo said idly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She keeps to herself.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She seems to know Quincy pretty well,” Leo pointed out. “You, too, which is odd considering how rarely you come this far into the alleys.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She works at the clinic.” Harry sighed. There was really no point hiding anything from Leo. He always found out eventually, and since Merriam’s identity had been well established at that point, she didn’t need to hide her presence anymore.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo’s bright hazel eyes lit up in realization. “I knew Ma was keeping something from me. She’s been shifty when I drop by Maywell of late. Imagine, keeping an employee secret from her own son. I’d accuse her of trying to cheat on her taxes if the clinic wasn’t exempt from tithing.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Though he didn’t sound seriously put out by it, she still felt it necessary to exonerate his mother from the accusation of dishonesty. “I asked her to keep Merriam’s presence there quiet,” she told Leo, glancing away from his intrigued expression to adjust the muffin basket. They were heavier than she thought muffins ought to be. Perhaps they were of the denser variety, like pumpkin.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I see,” Leo said, his voice a sly, musing drawl. “Would this Merriam also be the reason I’ve been barred from your apartment for the last six months? I noticed your cart of boxes was traveling from that direction instead of from the upper alleys.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She resigned herself to Leo being entirely smug the rest of the afternoon. His sense of superiority was always worst when he figured out the answer to something that had been puzzling him. “She’s my aunt. I got her a job at the clinic and let her stay in my apartment until she had enough saved to live on her own.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Your aunt is a Muggle, not a Squib,” Leo said archly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She didn’t know how he knew about Lily’s sister. Or how he knew Merriam was a Squib. Perhaps his magic had told him. Sometimes Leo just knew things about people from glancing at them-something that was likely related to his mother’s ability to identify a lie the moment it was told in her vicinity, she suspected.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“As far as it concerns <em class="calibre5"> you</em>,” she said pointedly, “she is my Aunt Merriam and she is utterly unremarkable in every way.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She’s in trouble,” Leo surmised, speaking quietly-almost to himself. “Ma kept her from me because she knew I’d be interested in a woman living in your apartment and didn’t want me drawing attention to her with my curiosity. You could have just told me, of course, and I’d have left her alone.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It isn’t any of your business,” she said sternly. “Merriam needed complete anonymity to feel safe. We didn’t know who might be looking for her or how hard they would search. The fewer people aware of her, the better.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“We?” Now Leo’s look was pointedly questioning.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Don’t worry about it,” she said, smiling in a way she knew would annoy him. He just hated not knowing things.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Fine,” Leo sighed. Then he brightened. “This means your flat is free game again, right?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Why do you have such a fascination with my flat?” she asked, pausing before the door to Maywell clinic and raising an eyebrow imperiously until Leo opened the door obligingly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s not the flat that interests me,” Leo said, an odd smirk on his face that caused her to frown momentarily as she attempted to place the emotion that had prompted it.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She opened her mouth to ask for him to clarify his comment, but shut it once more as the tense atmosphere of the lobby they’d walked into registered in her subconscious. She looked around, but didn’t see anything immediately out of place. There were no patients bleeding out on the floor, just a handful of Healers collected grimly around a door on the far side of the room-the one that led to Healer Hurst’s office, in fact.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo started forward, wariness fighting with concern in his eyes, but Janice, who stood closest to the office door, with an ear cocked toward the crack, held up a hand to forestall any questions. Harry turned her ear toward the sounds coming through the door and made out Healer Hurst’s voice ranting in an agitated manner that didn’t speak well of whomever she addressed herself to.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“-must be something you can do. She’s late-stage, for pity’s sake, she <em class="calibre5"> can’t</em> <em class="calibre5"> wait</em> that long,” Mrs. Hurst was saying, her voice a cocktail of anger and stringent disgust, laced with acute desperation. “I put her name on the list months ago. Don’t tell me you haven’t had any come in since then.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The voice that answered her was edged with the distinctively disembodied quality that accompanied transmission via Floo. “You have to understand, Healer Hurst; your clinic is an outreach of this hospital, and while the work you’re doing is important, it doesn’t contribute to the hospital as a whole. The patients here in our wards have to be given priority-”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That’s bollocks,” Mrs. Hurst hissed. “Whether or not a patient can <em class="calibre5"> pay</em> doesn’t determine what medicines they need to <em class="calibre5"> live</em>. Now I have an eight-year-old girl about to die of a curable disease because you gave the potion she needs to someone whose case could have waited the four months you’re telling me it’s going to take to get another dose in.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That’s not the-”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Tell me which part of that is incorrect, <em class="calibre5"> Healer</em>?” Mrs. Hurst snapped.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">There was a distorted sigh, and then the voice said, a little quieter. “I’m sorry, Healer Hurst. It’s hospital policy to prioritize patients in-house over those being treated elsewhere.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s a hospital!” Mrs. Hurst exploded. “The only policy should be saving people’s lives.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m sorry,” the voice said again. Whoever it was sounded a little sorry, but mostly they just sounded tired. “Look, have you tried contacting Burke? I know he has sources that can procure the potion in couple of weeks or so.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“If we could afford to buy the potion from the likes of Horace Burke we wouldn’t need the hospital’s subsidy,” Mrs. Hurst said. “I’d try brewing it myself if I could afford the bloody ingredients.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That potion requires a license to-”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You think I don’t know that?” Mrs. Hurst shot back. She took a deep, audible breath before saying, quieter, “There must be something. Appeal to one of the big donors. Tell them there’s a little girl who desperately needs an expensive potion. Tell them they could save a life. Someone will be charitable.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The voice sounded skeptical. “I’m sorry, Healer Hurst, but we don’t generally approach our sponsors on individual cases. Even if we did… she’s nobody, don’t you see? No one is going to sponsor a nameless orphan-there’s just no prestige in it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She’s not <em class="calibre5"> nameless</em>, you-you-” Mrs. Hurst sounded close to tears. “Her name is Cora. She has blonde hair and green eyes and she’s <em class="calibre5"> brave</em> -”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Healer Hurst, I’m sorry but I need to get back to my station,” the voice said. They sounded awfully uncomfortable. “I will contact you immediately if something changes in the wait list or the status of the backorder.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">There was the sound of a frustrated growl and then silence for several long minutes. Harry, Leo, and the clinic staff slowly left their vigil by the door and drifted toward the front desk with varying expressions of disappointment and anger.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">At the other end of the lobby, a door creaked open slowly and a head of red curls tied up with a blue ribbon peeked out at them, blinking wide eyes curiously. It was Margo. Harry forced a smile for the little girl, who smiled back and slipped across the room to stand among them. “What did the supply lady say?” she asked, looking up at them all with the sort of inexplicable hope that came to the young without reason. “Are they gonna bring Cora her potion?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Not today, Margo,” one of the Healers said, summoning a brave smile for the girl.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Margo frowned in a way that was both assessing and confused. “They better bring it soon. Cora can’t move so much anymore.” She heaved a small sigh and shook her head back and forth. “Grown-ups never do anything fast enough.” She left them to re-enter the room she’d stepped out of, the one her friend Cora was laid up in, Harry supposed.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Once the door was closed behind her, Harry turned to the Healers with a frown. “What’s wrong with Cora?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Seifer’s Syndrome,” one of them said. The tone was bleak.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She winced. She had read about it only once in one of Archie’s schoolbooks, but the description stuck with her, horrible even in a sea of similarly horrifying descriptions of magical diseases. Seifer’s Syndrome, named for the man who first contracted it, wasn’t common in adults, as it was caused by a mutation in the development of a magical core. In those it afflicted, the magical core developed fully in terms of power and stability but failed to become self-contained. Instead of remaining in a concentrated sphere as a healthy core would, the mutated core spilled its magic into the patient’s physical body, in some cases, or into their mental landscape in others. Rarely, it could spill over in both the physical and mental realms, but those cases did not generally survive long enough to be diagnosed and treated.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Over time, the saturation of magic into the muscles and sinews degenerated their physical structure, resulting in the slow loss of mobility and finally in the dissolution of major organ systems. It was fatal, if left untreated, but there was a cure. A potion existed which, once introduced to the drinker’s system, swept the body and collected all traces of magic from the physical cells, bonding to the magic and drawing it together into the form it ought to take naturally. The potion acted as an attractant that kept the magic consolidated once it had cohered, bringing the magic back to the core like a magnet attracting filaments each time thereafter that the patient drew the magic out to use it. She knew it acted in the mind similarly, which probably made the potion incredibly difficult to brew. Potions that affected the mind were always more complex than those that affected only the physical realm.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">From what she knew of Seifer’s Syndrome, the fact that Cora had already begun to lose mobility was not good. If the magic had progressed that far… she didn’t have long if they wanted to save her heart and lungs. The worst part of Seifer’s Syndrome was that magic saturated the patient’s body to the extent that adding any additional magic-like Healing magic-only accelerated the degenerative process.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">When Mrs. Hurst came out into the lobby, she had the look of someone who was consciously stopping themselves from doing something they might regret. Harry couldn’t blame the woman; she was angry, too.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“What do we do?” Janice asked. “Is that it?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“No,” Mrs. Hurst said sharply. “We find another way.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She doesn’t have much longer,” another Healer, Carol, said quietly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I know that,” Mrs. Hurst said. She frowned deeply, then said, “I’ll have to contact my husband. He doesn’t have a license for it, but if I ask him to he’ll brew it for me. Perhaps he can convince the Guild to sponsor the ingredients without telling them what he needs them for.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’ll donate the cost of the ingredients,” Leo said, his tone brooking no argument. “It’ll come from the Court’s funds. We’re going to turn a good profit on the tournament. We can spare the gold.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Mrs. Hurst sent her son a grateful smile. “That’s a huge help, Leo, thank you.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry wasn’t sure she should speak up-she didn’t know how the potion was brewed or what techniques it might call for, and she didn’t want to give anyone false hope-but she felt she owed it to her conscience to at least try. “Do you have the recipe?” she asked.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Mrs. Hurst looked regretfully at her. “We don’t. I’m sorry, Harry, but I don’t think you can brew this one. It’s supposed to be incredibly complicated; its production is strictly limited to those masters licensed for it. I’ve heard it’s unusually volatile and very easy to get wrong.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She nodded thoughtfully. Her reservations made sense, but on the other hand… the same could be said of Aconite’s Alleviation, which she had unofficially experimented with for several months in her second year. Volatile potions could be made less so by the addition of more magic, which she had in plenty. That, combined with her unusually advanced capability in wandless brewing techniques, meant she thought it unlikely that the potion would prove impossible for her to attempt. “I’d like to try,” she said, setting her chin firmly. “I’ll look through the guild’s archives and see if I can’t find the recipe. If it looks too difficult, I won’t attempt it, but if I think I can manage, I’ll give it a shot. I have a series of failsafes built into my lab,” she assured the Healer, who looked doubtful. “I won’t be in any danger. If it doesn’t work, you still have Master Hurst.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You’ll get in trouble if anyone finds out you brewed it without a license,” Mrs. Hurst said, looking troubled.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Not as much trouble as your husband would,” she said, smiling a bit wryly. “They can’t strip me of a mastership I don’t have, and they can’t revoke a guild membership I don’t have. The most they can do is fine me under the Unlicensed Distribution Act, and that’s assuming they find out.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The Healer sighed, her eyes softening a bit. “It’s admirable of you to want to help, Harry,” she said. After a long moment of consideration, she added, “I suppose I can’t stop you if you want to try. Please, be careful.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I will,” she promised. “I’ll go to the guild now, and owl you with the estimated completion date if I find a viable recipe.” She really hoped it wasn’t something like Polyjuice, which had to brew a month before it was effective. She didn’t think Cora had that long.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She left immediately, Leo on her heels.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Do you really think you can do this?” he asked, looking equal parts hopeful and concerned.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I won’t know until I see the recipe,” she said.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They fell into a solemn silence as they walked up toward the upper alleys. They passed the tournament site, where construction seemed to be well underway, but Harry didn’t spare the preparations a glance. All her thoughts were focused on how she was going to get the potion completed. If she couldn’t do it, could she contact Professor Snape and beg him to attempt it? Would he be willing to go to so much trouble for her at this early point in their relationship? Perhaps she could approach him via letter as Rigel, and say she needed the potion for a friend. She could also try contacting Madam Pomfrey at Hogwarts, to see if she knew any Healers who had access to the potion. She could even get Krait to set up a meeting with Horace Burke and pay for the potion outright, no matter that she could imagine the outrageous price such a potion would no doubt come at after Burke’s significant ‘convenience fee’ was taken into consideration. Then again, the voice from the Floo had intimated that it would take upwards of a week for Burke to get hold of one. If she could brew it herself, Cora would get it all the quicker.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">There were a handful of people moving about in the foyer, probably on their way back from lunch. She and Leo tried to look unobtrusive as they navigated the guild’s corridors; it was lucky that academics tended to ignore things that didn’t relate in some way to their own pursuits, as no one looked twice at the dusty teenagers who slipped into the guild’s library with innocent expressions.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The archivist was at his desk, but they simply waved him off when he asked in a bored voice if they needed help finding anything. She’d spent plenty of time in the library during her internship and knew well enough how it was organized.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The potion they were looking for was called, unimaginatively, Seifer’s Solution. Potioneers did love their simplistic alliterations, she thought, almost fondly. It would be filed alphabetically under the subheading of Medical Potions, so she crouched down near the S’s and ran her finger along the row impatiently.</p>

  <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Sand-skin Smoother… Scooner’s Remedy… Shrinking Solution?</em> Annoyed, she glanced down the rest of the row. They weren’t out of order; the recipe she was looking for simply wasn’t there.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She stood and gave Leo a worried look. “They don’t have a copy.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Impossible,” Leo said, shaking his head. “They have everything, even rare and highly restricted… oh. It must be classified as restricted material. It’ll be locked in a case behind the archivist’s desk.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She groaned. “I suppose you have to be a member of the guild to retrieve restricted material.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That, or the son of a very lazy Aldermaster who notoriously hates fetching things for himself,” Leo said, grinning slyly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I knew I brought you for a reason,” Harry said, grinning back.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You didn’t bring me, I accompanied you,” Leo corrected her.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You can win the argument if you get us that recipe,” she said, nudging him toward the end of the aisle.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo pasted on his most ingratiating expression and approached the archivist with a self-deprecating smile. “It looks like I need your help after all,” he said, affecting a conspiratorial grin. “My father sent me to procure a copy of a recipe, but I can’t find it in the general stacks.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Which one?” the archivist asked, blinking eyes that looked as if they’d spent too many hours straining in low lighting.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Seifer’s Solution,” Leo said, managing to sound both confidently informed and utterly uninterested at the same time. “He’s researching the socio-economic impact of using cost-ineffective ingredients in vital medical cures and realized he doesn’t know the exact quantities of ingredients needed for this one-I reckon it’s pretty notorious for being expensive, cause Dad says his survey would be incomplete without it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“He’s right, it’s well known for its costly preparation,” the archivist sniffed. “The recipe is restricted, however. I can’t give it to non-guild members.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo raised an eyebrow and spoke slowly, as though he questioned the archivist’s intelligence. “It’s not for me. It’s for my father. The Aldermaster. He’s in the middle of a very important experiment that absolutely cannot be left unattended.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The archivist frowned. “Even so, it’s not protocol to release restricted materials to unaffiliated people.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You’re not releasing it to me,” Leo said patiently, “You’re releasing it to him. I’m just carrying it. You can release restricted material via owl post if a master currently abroad requests it, can you not?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well, yes,” the archivist said.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well, it’s the same,” Leo said, his expression clearly conveying how obvious he found the situation. “I’m just the owl this time. He’s authorized me to sign in his name and everything, so your records won’t even be wrong.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They would, in fact, be wrong, but the archivist didn’t know that and he looked a little reassured at the prospect. “I suppose… if he really can’t be interrupted from his experiment… “</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You know how he is,” Leo sighed. “Always working. The number of times I’ve had to come in here and fetch his documents… well, I suppose allowances must be made for genius.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The archivist smiled in a way that said he commiserated with Leo’s situation. “That’s true. You’re a very supportive son, Mr. Hurst.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Just Leo,” he said, now affecting a sheepish shrug. “I’m sure we’ll be seeing a lot more of each other by the time Father’s project is complete.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“No doubt,” the man said, reaching into his belt pouch for a set of keys.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Not five minutes later, they walked out of the library with a copy of the potion tucked safely in Harry’s bag. She couldn’t quite believe that had worked, but Leo, the cocky player, was <em class="calibre5"> whistling</em> as they exited the guild.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Stop that,” she said, swatting him in annoyance. “That’s the most cliché sign of wrongdoing ever.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“What was that?” Leo cupped a hand to his ear. “Did I hear a ‘thank you, Leo’?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She had to smile at that. “Thank you, Leo.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You’re welcome, Harry,” he said. He glanced around them, then ducked into a little side alley before they reached the junction with Diagon. “Shall we see what the fuss is about, then?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She pulled out the parchment and unrolled it, grimacing when it revealed itself to be much longer than the average recipe. She could see a diagram toward the middle of the text that depicted a cauldron divided into three distinct horizontal levels. Layered brewing meant Indirect Stirring-no wonder it was considered difficult. She scanned down a few more paragraphs and saw yet another cauldron divided into two separate parts. She frowned, skimming to the final few steps where there were instructions for combining the two cauldrons into a larger cauldron before the last step. “Simultaneous brewing,” she said, feeling like whistling herself. That was not something she’d seen before. She flattered herself that she was relatively experienced at brewing multiple potions simultaneously, as she found it maximized her time in the lab, but there was no doubt she would have to memorize the steps and timing verbatim before even attempting it. There would be no time to double-check the recipe once she began this monstrosity.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Bicorn horn,” Leo groaned. “Dragon’s teeth, a <em class="calibre5"> phoenix feather?</em> Does this make a potion or a wand?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Her eyes flicked up to the ingredients, grimacing as she read the first few and began mentally calculating cost. “I suppose the potion requires a large concentration of magically saturated ingredients in order to make the potion even close to brewable for the average wizard. The alchemical equation they reference for calculating imbuing durations has one of the highest coefficients I’ve seen outside of complex transfigurations.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m not going to pretend I understand what that means,” Leo said, eyeing her sidelong. “I understand this, though.” He pointed a tanned finger to the last ingredient listed and her heart skipped a beat.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Basilisk scale. The potion called for a <em class="calibre5"> basilisk scale</em>. No wonder it was on backorder. Even with the immense influx of basilisk parts recently on the market, they were still hoarded jealously in the knowledge that it might well be the last influx this century. The guild had what scales they’d decided to purchase at her discounted rate a year ago, but she doubted they passed them out like confetti at a parade. She didn’t even know how many they had purchased, in fact. She hadn’t ever asked Snape, who had been put in charge of the allocations.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“My da says there are some basilisk parts set aside at the guild for experimental use, but there’s a lengthy application process for masters to get access to them,” Leo said.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s okay,” she said. “I have one.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo frowned, but then his eyes lit up with remembrance and landed on her hands. “The ring… “</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s a full scale, so it will work,” she assured him, fingering the place it rested through her gloves. She didn’t need it anymore, she told herself. She had begun wearing it to remind her of the price of prideful magic, but now she had a demented megalomaniacal rock living in her head-she didn’t think she was liable to forget anytime soon. It would do more good in this potion than it did on her finger.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“We just have to get the rest of the ingredients, then,” Leo said, taking a deep breath. “It says it takes thirteen hours to complete. Can you work that long?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Sure,” she said, steeling herself. She hadn’t ever brewed so many hours in a row, not even using the time-turner. She could stay awake much longer than thirteen hours, however, so she told herself she could do this, too. A lot of the time would probably be monitoring the potions as they simmered, in any case. It wasn’t impossible.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo looked at her determined expression and smiled fondly. “I’ll help.” At her surprised look, he huffed a laugh. “My father is the Aldermaster, Harry. I do know a thing or two about potions. Even if this one is hideously complicated, I can at least chop and shred and take direction.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“A second set of eyes would be great,” she admitted, already imagining the difficulty she was going to have in monitoring two unfamiliar brews at once. If she made a mistake, she could ask Snape as Rigel for a couple of the basilisk scales he’d set aside for her-or ask to use one of the scales he’d been given for experimentation, even. It would be a costly delay, however; she’d rather get the thing right the first time.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Let’s track down the ingredients today, then, and after a good night’s sleep we can tackle the potion tomorrow,” Leo said, his eyes swiftly tracing the ingredient list in a way that told her he was memorizing it.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She nodded. As much as she wanted to jump into the potion as soon as possible for Cora’s sake, she knew it was irresponsible. She needed to be fully charged if she was going to set her mind to something for so many hours without break.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They set off for Tate’s apothecary, though Harry was not optimistic enough to assume that would be their only stop that afternoon. The list of ingredients was as varied as it was extensive. There was no way Tate could have everything they needed, especially as a couple of the ingredients-such as mermaid tail skin-were decidedly uncommon in strictly savory shops.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">It was a long afternoon by the time they finished chasing down unlikely ingredients in the seediest of Knockturn Alley’s supply stores. They got all they needed, in the end, though Harry was still wincing at the prices on some of the items. She was certain the acromantula fang was overpriced even considering the danger involved in procuring it.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry went home to begin familiarizing herself with the convoluted recipe while Leo took off toward the lower alleys to make sure the right people knew he would be unavailable for most of the following day. Things could proceed apace without his direct involvement, but only as long as the key members of the Court of the Rogue’s inner circle were well informed in his absence.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She told her parents over dinner that night that she was going to be working on a project in her potions lab with a friend tomorrow and that it was very important they were not disturbed.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">James eyed her with all the suspicion of a career Auror and said sharply, “What friend would that be?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Leo,” she said between hurried bites of green beans. “It’s a potions project, and we think it’ll take about thirteen hours to finish, so I could really use his help.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Oh, you’re just going to be spending thirteen hours alone in the basement with an older boy, is that all, Harry?” James asked, the sarcasm not saving his almost terrified expression.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You can come watch if you want, Dad,” she said, a bit cruelly. “Oh, wait. You’ll be at work. I reckon you’ll miss all the fun, then.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">He choked and coughed into his potatoes for at least two minutes, which was well worth the spluttering demands to know what had happened to his innocent little fawn that poured from his end of the table for the rest of dinner.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Add and I will check on them throughout the day,” Remus said, not seeming too concerned. “Just to make sure they eat and drink,” he added at Harry’s unimpressed look.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She smiled and shrugged. “As long as you don’t interrupt the brewing process,” she allowed.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Is that what they’re calling it these days?” Sirius muttered into his pork.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">That, of course, set James off again and Harry had to wonder why her family was made up of such dramatic idiots. Gryffindors, she supposed, pushing the remainder of her vegetables into her mouth thoughtfully. She swallowed, wiped her mouth with a napkin, then stood. “I’ve got to finish memorizing all the steps tonight,” she said, picking up her plate to take it to the kitchen. “Thanks for dinner, Mum, Sirius.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She hurried up to her room and got back to work, making extensive notations on a spare piece of parchment about what order she ought to prep ingredients in and how she ought to stage the two cauldrons so that the entire process could be streamlined efficiently. It was a tedious task, but by the time she turned out the lights she felt as least reasonably confident that she wouldn’t get lost in the recipe the next day. It might take all of her impressive powers of concentration and every hard-earned skill she had under her belt, but she would complete this potion to perfection. Nothing else was tolerable.</p>

 

  <p class="calibre55"/>

  <hr class="calibre59"/>

 

  <p class="calibre55">Leo Flooed into her house at seven am sharp, dressed for the first time that she could recall in actual brewing robes complete with gloves, sleeve-catchers, and a face mask dangling from his belt-in case the whole thing quite literally blew up in their faces, she supposed.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Are those fire-retardant boots?” she asked, looking down at his feet with approval.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I just asked the store clerk which brand Harriet Potter prefers,” Leo said modestly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Very funny,” she said with a half-grin. “Come on, I’ll show you the setup. I’ve arranged everything in a double-assembly-line fashion so that we won’t be stepping on one another’s toes while moving ingredients from workspace to cauldron. I’ll go over the process with you in detail before we begin, but basically I’m just going to be testily ordering you to do things all day, so sorry in advance for that. I’ve been told I become very single-minded while brewing, and I don’t want you to take offense if I seem terse.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo chuckled. “You won’t scare me off, lass. Just make sure to yell at me before I mess up-I’d rather my ego be bruised than the potion be jeopardized.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She smiled gratefully. “Thanks. It’s right this way.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They passed James on their way to the basement stairs. He was on his way to the kitchen for breakfast, but he paused to eye them forbiddingly as they descended. “Be careful,” he called after them.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“We will,” she called back. “You can check in when you get home from work-I don’t doubt we’ll still be at it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">James mumbled something about her saying such things on purpose before sulking his way into the kitchen. She sometimes wondered how her father had become an Auror when he was just a giant child, but then she thought maybe he played up his childish nature on purpose when he was at home. Perhaps it was a form of relaxation therapy after eight or nine hours of complete seriousness at his job.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Refocusing her attention on the task at hand, she ushered Leo into the basement and closed the door to minimize potential distractions. The last thing she wanted to do was upend something by mistake because Addy or Remus had made a loud noise upstairs.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Your dad doesn’t seem to like me much,” Leo commented.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“He doesn’t like any boys who are friends with me,” she said, waving off his concern. “Unfortunately you’re the only one besides Archie, so far, so you bear all of that protective animosity squarely. I’m sure he’ll like you better once I make other male friends.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo sent her a look that was hard to decipher, but didn’t comment. Instead, he cast his eyes around the room to note the placement of everything she’d set up. “Shall we get started then?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She explained everything that was going to happen and which order it needed to happen in, so that he would have at least some idea as to what the potions should be looking like at various stages. She had to explain what the tubes affixed to the insides of the cauldrons were, as Leo had apparently not progressed far enough in his studies with the Aldermaster to have learned about layered potions, but he picked up the concept quickly enough. She had already cast the transparency charms over the outsides of the cauldrons, so that they’d be able to monitor all five layers-two in one cauldron, three in the other-without difficulty. She thought wryly that it was a good thing she had so much linseed oil on hand. Honestly, who’d ever heard of a five-layered potion before?</p>

  <p class="calibre55">With a prolonged Tempus Charm hanging in the air above the cauldrons, they began. At first it was the same as any other potion; she whipped up the base and added ingredients at an easy rhythm, keeping an eye on the clock but otherwise unstressed. Once she was a ways into the first potion, she began the second, adjusting the heat on each cauldron as necessary and calling out the next ingredient to Leo as she went. He supplied her smoothly with everything she asked for and even anticipated the switching of stirring implements where necessary.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">As she began building the layers, however, things became more challenging. While the two cauldrons were within easy reaching distance of one another, the stages that required both cauldrons to be Indirectly Stirred at the same moment were still incredibly awkward. It took a ridiculous amount of concentration to focus the wandless magic in her left hand in a clockwise motion while making the layer she was affecting with her right hand move anti-clockwise. If she hadn’t spent a good half-hour practicing that exact feat the night before with a couple of bowls of water, she was certain she would have messed it up royally.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Apart from the stirring issues, keeping the layers straight in her head was more difficult than she thought. It would help if the layers were a significantly different color from one another, but they all ended up a greenish-greyish haze despite the linseed oil keeping them from mixing. If she ever annotated the recipe in her own compendium, she would suggest brewers add a harmless food coloring to the different layers in order to make the mental compartmentalization easier. As it was, she had to stop herself twice from putting ingredients into the wrong tube in the three-layered cauldron. In retrospect she ought to have labeled the tubes with the color corresponding to the food coloring she ought to have added to the layers so that she didn’t almost accidently add the fairy wings to the middle layer instead of the bottom layer.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo was a lifesaver. He adjusted the heat underneath the cauldrons a dozen times over in between handling ingredients, and without him there to provide emergency warming or cooling charms she didn’t know how she’d have been able to adjust the speed at which the different layers were evolving so that their reactions all came to a close within the same fifteen-minute window.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They worked until their arms and fingers ached, and then they kept working. Remus came down to feed them lunch at some point, but Harry barely remembered eating a sandwich mindlessly out of someone’s hand as she feverishly counted the pulses of wandless magic she was sending into the bottom and middle layers of the cauldron before her. She only remembered how her neck ached as she craned it awkwardly away from the cauldron while she chewed, acutely aware that one accidental drop of her spittle in the cauldron meant the entire process had been a waste.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">At the nine-hour mark, she slowed her briskly robotic motions and allowed herself to breathe deeply, blinking the cauldron smoke from her green contacts. “We’re out of ingredients,” Leo said. She looked over to see him leaning tiredly against a stool.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She smiled, equally exhausted. “That’s it,” she said, stepping back from the cauldrons almost regretfully-like a mother stepping away from her child at its first play date. “The potions are entirely in synch now. They have to be kept at constant heat for the next two hours, then the layers are dissolved and they simmer another hour, then the two cauldrons finally get combined. After an hour of letting the mixture fully evolve, it gets taken off the fire and the brewing process is officially ended. It has to set up overnight until it congeals, so as long as everything is smooth sailing from here, it should be ready to drink at about eight o’clock tomorrow morning.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo smiled slowly. “You did it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“We did it,” Harry corrected him. Nevertheless he was right. The hard part was over. It was just a matter of monitoring things from there on out. She stretched her arms and shoulders, then cracked her neck and back with a grimace. “I can see why no one ever brews this thing. It’s a monster. I’d charge a fortune for it, too, if it wasn’t a life-saving cure to a disease that affects <em class="calibre5"> children</em>.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Don’t worry about that now,” Leo told her. “You did it. Cora is going to be fine.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She still scowled unhappily at the idea that other kids could die of something curable just because the treatment was difficult to make. She understood on some level that the Ministry couldn’t just force all the talented potions brewers to spend their days making grueling potions like this for the betterment of society-no one would aspire to become a skilled brewer, if that was their fate-but on another level she found it very sad. When she had recovered from the ordeal of making Seifer’s Solution, she would do research on what other potions were hard to come by simply because they were difficult to make. Maybe she couldn’t force other Potions masters into slaving away over a cauldron for charity, but she could certainly do her part. She had promised, after all, that she would try to make more of a difference in the world.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Speaking of… “Leo, I was serious about teaching the alley kids Potions, you know,” she said, glancing over at him again.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo favored her with a grateful look. “I thought you might be. I’ve talked with the ones who’ve shown an interest, and I thought after the tournament was over we could set up a class at the Phoenix. Nothing fancy, just an informational session to anyone who’s interested in learning some good-to-have knowledge about potions in general. You may get some adults there, too.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Sounds good,” she said, nodding. “Just give me a time and place.” She looked over the cauldrons once more, adjusted the fire slightly on one of them, then nodded again, this time to herself. “Leo, I think I can take it from here.” When he looked ready to protest, she held up a hand. “No, I mean it. I know you have things to take care of in the alleys this close to the tournament. I’ll finish up the tedious parts and bring the potion down to the clinic tomorrow morning, first thing.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Leo looked torn, but he could see the sense in her words. There was no reason for both of them to waste their time doing what one person could do well enough. “All right. Thank you, Harry. I’ll see you tomorrow morning at Maywell.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">He picked up his mask and gloves from where they had been discarded early on and headed for the stairs. “Sorry I can’t see you out,” she called. She wasn’t so confident that she’d risk leaving her cauldrons unattended.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I remember where the Floo is,” he said. Looking back over his shoulder, he added, “If you hear a scream, though, just assume I met your dad on the way out.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She chuckled after him, but it was interrupted by a fierce yawn. Time for a Pepperup Potion, it seemed. She downed one from her personal stash, claimed a stool, and sat, watching the cauldrons simmer with a sort of bored attention for an hour or so. Footsteps on the stairs made her look over and smile when she saw her dad coming down with a plate of food.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Brought you some dinner,” he said, looking curiously around at the mess they’d made. She supposed she should have been cleaning some of the workspaces while she waited, but she was tired. “Your friend leave already?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She smiled. “You only brought one plate when you thought he was still here?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">James grinned. “I don’t know what you mean. So, how’d it go, then? Save the world?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Something like that,” she said, grinning proudly. “It’s not finished yet, but in my expert opinion it qualifies as a success.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Is it another one you invented?” James asked, peering at the two cauldrons with a distant sort of interest. “I’ve never seen someone do two cauldrons at once-do you really need so much of it?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I didn’t invent this one. I’m making it for a friend. And it’s actually two different potions at the moment,” Harry said, shaking her head. “They’re just similar in color. You have to make the layers separately, then add them together at the end.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Like when you make spaghetti,” James said, nodding seriously. “So which is the noodles and which is the sauce?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She laughed. “I’ll let you know when I figure that out.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“All right, well, I won’t disturb your important work,” James said, setting down the plate. He fished in his pocket for a moment and came out with a letter. “This came for you while you were down here. In case you have a spare second to give it a read. I think it’s from that friend of yours-the Muggleborn.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Hermione,” she murmured, accepting the letter with a frown. “Thanks, Dad. I’ll write a reply once I’m finished down here.” She supposed it must be an answer to the letter she’d sent agreeing to meet up with the girl.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">He left her to her work, and Harry checked on the cauldrons once more before tearing open the letter with her fingers.</p>

  <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Dear Harry,</em></p>

  <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> I’m so glad you got my last letter. You took longer than usual to reply, so I wasn’t sure. I think meeting up in Diagon Alley is a fantastic idea; I don’t very often make the trip, and when I do it’s primarily for school supplies. It would be lovely to just explore the shops at a leisurely pace and see what we find. </em></p>

  <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> How’s tomorrow at eleven o’clock? I know you mentioned getting ice cream, but I thought we could walk around a while first and then get lunch. I’ll meet you at Fortescue’s all the same if you aren’t busy. </em></p>

  <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Your friend,</em></p>

  <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Hermione</em></p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry sighed as she folded the letter and tucked it away. She had suggested meeting in Diagon for ice cream as a sort of neutral activity that wouldn’t involve anyone’s parents or family-the fewer people she had to act like Archie around, the better. Although Archie had suggested distracting his friend with Addy, Harry wasn’t quite ready to stoop to using her baby sister as a social shield.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She debated writing and telling Hermione that tomorrow wasn’t a good day, but she honestly wanted to get the meeting over with. She was dropping off the potion tomorrow at nine, anyway, so she’d have plenty of time before eleven to psych herself up for the appointment. She mentally composed a quick note of acceptance while she scarfed down her dinner. She wondered briefly if she ought to warn Leo that she would be meeting a friend in Diagon tomorrow, but, really, why should she? Her friends were her own business, and just because he’d seemed a bit put out at her having lunch with Lestrange without telling him first didn’t mean she had to give him a heads up whenever she was in the alleys for any reason. It was a public space, after all.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She turned her attention back to the potions, noting that it was about time to dissolve the linseed layers. She just hoped, idly, and in an unacknowledged part of her mind, that the location of their meeting didn’t come back to bite her in the arse. She had enough problems at the moment without Leo deciding to become curious about Archie’s friend Hermione as well.</p>

 

  <p class="calibre55"/>

  <hr class="calibre59"/>

 

  <p class="calibre55">The potion had turned out perfectly. It was unappetizing as anything to look at, but that didn’t stop her eyeing the sludge as though it was a brick of gold as she bottled it. After clearing her station and stowing the bottles safely in her bag, she was ready to go. It was about eight thirty, so her parents had both left for work by the time she ducked into the kitchen to grab a roll and an apple to munch on on her way to the clinic.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She didn’t hear Addy’s distinctive and increasingly incessant babbling from the other rooms, so she assumed Remus was watching the one-year-old at his place that morning. She felt a mild disappointment that there was no one there to share her success with, but she supposed that was for the best; she couldn’t explain what the potion she’d been working on was for without explaining that she was venturing much farther from the upper alleys than her parents suspected. She was certain they assumed she spent most of her time at the Potions Guild or near to it. It was thanks to the discretion and understanding of Master Hurst that they were not disabused of this notion, and for that she could forgive the Aldermaster for his well-intentioned tongue wagging in the presence of Master Snape.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The alley was bustling as always in the morning, but Harry scarcely noticed the people pushing past and around her as she walked. She was in too good a mood to care about other people’s impatience, and her thoughts were utterly occupied with pride and a kind of smug satisfaction that she hoped she could be forgiven for, considering what she had achieved the day before. No longer would she say that Wolfsbane was the most difficult potion she had ever participated in brewing. Seifer’s Solution made Wolfsbane look like a NEWT potion.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">If she hadn’t been so caught up in self-congratulation, she might have paid more attention to her surroundings. She might have noticed the girl with curly brown hair who stopped and turned as Harry walked by the bookshop. She might even have been able to give the girl the slip before she caught up with her in the crowd-if she had seen her in time to manage any sort of avoidance whatsoever. As it was, the small hand that caught her by the elbow also caught her completely by surprise.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She turned and blinked into large, brown eyes that were just a shade too dark to be called honey. The rest of the girl’s face was rather overwhelmed by the riot of brunette curls that cascaded over her shoulders where they were not held precariously back from her cheeks with a light blue headband.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Harry,” the girl said, looking into her eyes with so much familiarity that she could only be one person.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“‘Mione,” Harry said, letting her face relax into a smile even as her brain whirled with confusion. “What are you doing here so early?” She made a show of looking up at the sky, if only to escape the girl’s firmly assessing gaze, which slid over her in a way that was more like a Healer cataloguing a patient’s condition than a girl reacquainting herself with a friend she hadn’t seen in a while.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I had some errands to run that I thought you’d probably find boring, and then I was going to spend an hour or so at Flourish and Blotts,” Hermione said, shifting her weight from one foot to the other even as her head cocked curiously at Harry. “What are you doing here already?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Same,” she confessed, affecting Archie’s sheepish grin with the ease of long practice.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The brown-eyed girl looked fondly at her, and even though Harry knew she was seeing Archie-as-Harry, not her, it was still a bit unsettling. Was this how her cousin felt when he played Rigel at the gala? She felt as though she were an understudy unexpectedly asked to perform a part she’d memorized but never truly played before. “How alike we are. I’ve really missed you, Harry. How has your summer been? You look so different I almost didn’t recognize you. Have you outgrown all of your robes in the last month?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Just about,” she said, seizing on the explanation as to why she was wearing soft breeches and a tunic rather than true Wizarding robes. “It seemed wasteful to order new ones until I had to in the fall.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione looked a little surprised. “That’s surprisingly economical of you. Usually you say something like ‘Even a robe worn only once is worth buying it if it’s beautiful.’”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry fought a grimace. That sounded exactly like something Archie would say; he was every bit the fashionably wasteful heir his father had raised. “Reckon you’re rubbing off on me, ‘Mione. Anyway, there’s no one to see me looking stunning over the holidays, so it seems a wasted effort.” She sighed in a slightly melancholy way that she knew embodied her cousin’s sense of drama perfectly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well, since we’re here, should we just run our errands together?” Hermione asked, flashing very white teeth in excitement. “I won’t mind going with you if you don’t mind coming with me.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry was abruptly torn. She had very strict instructions to do nothing that would offend, annoy, or raise the suspicions of Miss Granger, but the potion for Cora felt like a lead weight in her bag, reminding her that she’d promised Leo and Mrs. Hurst to be at the clinic that morning. “I don’t mind accompanying you, ‘Mione, but can we meet up in about forty minutes? There’s something I have to take care of really quick and then I’m free for the rest of the day.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well, what is it?” the other girl asked, smiling a bit exasperatedly. “I’ll just come with you.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s… ” she honestly had no idea what to say. “It’s just a personal errand, that’s all. It won’t take too long.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione frowned at her. “What’s wrong, Harry? Is it embarrassing? Because I’ve seen you sing along to the Weird Sisters, so I rather think we’re past all that. If it’s a shop you don’t want me to come in, I’ll just wait outside.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry supposed the girl thought she needed to go underwear shopping or something. She started to open her mouth, even though she had no idea what words were going to come out, but was interrupted by a soft tug on the side of her breeches. She looked down to see the boy who sometimes worked at Eeylops-Jason, the cook’s son-looking up at her with thinly contained excitement and impatience.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Hi!” he chirped, smiling a bit shyly at Hermione before turning back to Harry with an expression of fierce hope. “I’m Jason. Margo said it’s okay if I say hi now. Do you have the medicine for Cora? Margo said you’re gonna save her.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry fought the urge to close her eyes as she saw Hermione’s gaze sharpen in her periphery. She leaned down so the boy didn’t have to crane his neck up at her and said, very solemnly, “Can you keep a secret, Jason?” He nodded vigorously, hands twisting in his shirt with the nervous energy of a child. “Well, I have Cora’s medicine right here,” she told him, patting her bag gently. “Would you like to help me take it to her?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She was tempted to just give him the bag and tell him to run it to the clinic, but as mature as she was sure the waifs of the Rogue were, she wasn’t prepared to turn over a potion that had taken her the better part of a day and a month’s worth of wages from Krait to brew to a kid. Even if taking it there herself did mean rousing Hermione’s curiosity. She couldn’t even be annoyed at the boy for coming up to her while she was with Hermione; she had told Margo specifically that it would be okay if the kids who kept eyes on her introduced themselves next time they saw her.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You have medicine for someone?” Hermione asked, looking incredibly interested-and why wouldn’t she be, training in the Healing track as she was? “Is that the errand you have to run?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She nodded, attempting to look apologetic. “I told them I’d bring it by first thing, so I really have to get it done now. I promise I’ll find you as soon as I’m back, though.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The curly-haired girl looked taken aback for a moment before her face set into an expression of stubborn insistence. “Can’t I come with you? I had no idea you were delivering medicines in your free time, Harry. Do you work at an apothecary?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Sort of,” she said, wishing she were anywhere else at that moment. Why did everything have to be complicated? She was supposed to drop off the medicine and meet Hermione at eleven. Trust Archie to make such a troublesome friend. “You don’t need to come, though. It’s some way from here, and-”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Why don’t you want me to come?” Hermione asked bluntly. She seemed the type to cut straight through nonsense to the heart of a matter. On second thought, she could see exactly why Archie needed a friend like that.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry firmed her expression. “It isn’t in a good part of the alleys, Hermione. I’d feel better if you stayed here.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“All the more reason for me to come with you,” Hermione said, frowning now. “You know I’m better than you in Defense class. What is this, misplaced chivalry?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I just don’t think your parents would be happy with me taking you where I’m going,” she tried.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“If you’re going, I’m going,” she said stoutly. “My parents don’t have to know.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She’ll be okay,” Jason piped up, looking between the two of them somewhat impatiently. “I’m Leo’s, and so are you. Nobody is gonna bother us-‘specially not with the sun out.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione was looking very intrigued, now. Harry tried, but she was having trouble coming up with an argument that didn’t amount to ‘I just don’t want you to come.’ Noticing her struggle, Hermione said, “What’s really wrong, Harry? Are you hiding something from me?” She didn’t look hurt, exactly, more resigned, and Harry felt a familiar pang of guilt. It was the same way Draco sometimes looked at Rigel: as though she’d slammed a door in his face.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Of course not,” she said, realizing that this was only going to end one way. “Come if you want; I just think it’ll be boring for you.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Looking eminently satisfied, Hermione smiled kindly down at Jason. “Lead the way, young sir.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Laughing, the boy scurried off through the crowd, only the occasional flash of his red shirt indicating that he hadn’t abandoned them completely. He wasn’t exactly the best of guides, but he likely knew Harry could get there without his help.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">When they turned down Knockturn Alley, Hermione shrank imperceptibly closer to her side and whispered, “You weren’t kidding. Who are you taking it to? They really live down here?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She shook her head and took Hermione’s hand gently, so that anyone who caught sight of them would know unmistakably that the girl was under her, and therefore Leo’s, protection. “It’s quite a trek, actually. This is just the only way to get there from the main alleys.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Brown eyes turned her way with unsuppressed curiosity, and Harry thought she could see what Archie liked so much about the girl. “Does the Wizarding part of London extend so far? I knew there were a couple of alleys that intersected with Diagon, like Craftsmen and Knockturn, but I didn’t think there were alleys that led off from <em class="calibre5"> them</em>, too.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry smiled. “I had the same reaction when I first came here. The alleys are much bigger than most people realize. The upper alleys, as most folk around here call them, are just the commercial district, really. It extends a fair way past Craftsmen Alley, since that’s where almost all the English guilds reside, but that’s nothing compared to how far the alleys extend in <em class="calibre5"> this</em> direction.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They reached the end of Knockturn and turned down Kyprioth Court, where they spotted Jason waiting with pent-up energy for them to catch up. He led them at a fair distance through the patchwork of small back alleys that led from the cul-de-sac to the residential district beyond. When they turned down the first well-kept street, Hermione gasped. “It’s a whole community,” she said wonderingly, looking around at everything with rapt attention. “With market stalls and neighborhoods and-how many people live here?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“More than live in Hogsmeade, if that gives you some clue,” she said. She wasn’t sure of the exact population, herself, but she could make some guesses.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“So what sort of medicine is it?” Hermione asked, linking her hands together behind her as she walked. “Am I allowed to ask, or does it fall under patient/junior-Healer confidentiality?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s a potion,” she said, not sure how much to tell her. She didn’t know Cora, so she couldn’t say whether the child would mind her illness being discussed, but if Hermione was coming with her she’d see soon enough anyway. “I’m not the girl’s Healer, so I suppose I can tell you. She has Seifer’s Syndrome.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione gave a little “oh” of dismay. “Is it… progressed?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Very,” Harry said, grimacing. “The potion is going to cure her, though.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Seifer’s Solution,” Hermione said, nodding seriously. “That’s an extremely difficult potion to make, isn’t it? Did you get it from St. Mungo’s? Is that who you work for?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Not exactly,” Harry said. She sighed, then paused in walking to give the other girl a searching look. “I know you’ve said that you would keep my secrets, but I need to know how far that promise goes, ‘Mione.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione frowned at her with a searching look of her own. “What are you talking about, Harry? This isn’t like you. You know I’ll always keep your secrets.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I broke a law to procure this potion,” she said gently. “I know how strong your moral code is, so I have to ask: are you okay being a party to this? I can take you back the Diagon and meet up with you afterwards, if you’d rather not be involved.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“This is why you didn’t want me to come,” she guessed, eyes widening. “Harry, what did you do? Did you… did you steal it?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry kept her gaze level. She wasn’t going to admit to a specific crime without an assurance, no matter how much Archie trusted this girl. “Hermione, tell me now. Are you willing to tolerate my secrets even when they stray from the north of your moral compass? This isn’t like keeping quiet about my being a girl. I broke the law, and I need to know if you trust me enough to look the other way.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione’s eyes flashed, and when she spoke her voice was hot and choked with indignation. “I certainly won’t <em class="calibre5"> look the other way</em>, you idiot! If I’m not looking, I can’t <em class="calibre5"> help you</em>.” As Harry’s eyebrows rose with surprise, Hermione threw her arms around her in a fierce hug. “I can’t promise to keep my mouth shut if I disagree with you, Harry, but I will never betray you. If you do something you think is morally questionable I want to know about it, so I can help you figure out another way, if there is one, or support you, if there isn’t.” She released Harry from her hug but kept her at arm’s length by her shoulders to say, “Now stop being dramatic and just tell me what’s going on.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry let her mouth relax into a smile and began walking again. Yes, she could see why Archie liked this girl. “The place we’re going is a clinic called Maywell, and it services those of the lower alleys who can’t afford to go to St. Mungo’s for their care. While the Healers there are very dedicated to their patients, they just don’t have the resources the bigger hospital does, and that can make it difficult to get medicines that are expensive or rare.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“And Seifer’s Solution is both,” Hermione said, grim understanding in her eyes.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She nodded. “St. Mungo’s subsidizes or provides the medicines when they can, since Maywell clinic is actually a charity project funded in large part by the hospital itself, but in this case they weren’t able to get the medicine Cora needs in time to save her.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“So you stole it,” Hermione finished, nodding sadly. “I wish you hadn’t, Harry, but I completely understand why-”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I didn’t steal it,” Harry said, huffing a laugh. “Honestly, ‘Mione, you think I’m that good a thief? This stuff is guarded better than goblin gold, and that’s if you can find it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You didn’t… ?” Hermione swatted Harry’s arm sharply. “You beast. Making me worry like that. Honestly.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry laughed again, but it faded when she glanced sidelong at the girl and confessed, “I brewed it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Her mahogany gaze shot to Harry’s face in shock. “Really? But that’s so impressive, Harry. I knew you were better than average at potions, but that kind of skill is amazing. Oh, I’m just so <em class="calibre5"> proud</em> of you for using you talents to help those less fortunate. I don’t understand, though. What’s wrong with brewing some medicine for a little girl? Is it because you’re not a licensed Healer?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m not licensed to brew Seifer’s Solution,” she corrected, impressed that Hermione had come so close to guessing right. “There’s a hefty fine for distributing it without leave.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione waved her off with a relieved sigh. “I understand your caution, Harry, but next time please don’t give me a heart attack unless you’ve committed a crime you can be sent to Azkaban for, all right?” Harry kept her face very relaxed and her eyes very still. She reevaluated her opinion of Hermione’s guessing abilities and wished that Archie had become attached to someone slightly less clairvoyant. “Anyway, you can just get a license now, can’t you? I mean, obviously don’t tell them about this one, but then the next time someone needs it you can make it for them without feeling guilty, right?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She nodded, a determined grin on her face. Hadn’t she thought something similar? She would ask Master Hurst the next time she saw him what the procedures were for becoming licensed in difficult potions. As long as they didn’t require a mastery, there was no reason she couldn’t start expanding on her range of difficult potions while she had free time in which to do so.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“How did you get involved, anyway?” Hermione asked. “If you don’t work for St. Mungo’s, I mean.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“The woman who runs the clinic is married to the Aldermaster of the Potions Guild,” Harry explained. “I know their son, and when the two of us stopped in to say hello to his mother the other day, we learned of Cora’s predicament. So I offered to take a shot at it.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That’s really decent of you, Harry,” Hermione said, eyes admiring. “I love the idea of a free clinic, too. We have things like that in the Muggle world, of course, but I’d never heard of a strictly charitable hospital for wizards. No one’s even mentioned it as a career possibility at AIM.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“This is the only one that I know of,” Harry said. “It’s pretty small. I know there are a couple of general charity organizations, such as the Widows and Orphans Fund, that do offer subsidized medical treatment as part of their services, but that’s done through St. Mungo’s itself, not a separate facility.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“This makes so much more sense, though,” Hermione said, walking slightly faster as she got more excited about what she was saying. “I doubt St. Mungo’s takes a loss on services through a fund like that, which means the healthcare itself isn’t any cheaper, it just gets paid for through the donations that people make to the fund, right? I’ll bet that’s a huge drain on the charity; if they could refer their recipients to a facility that was itself subsidized or discounted they’d be able to increase the effectiveness of their programs overall by diverting the funds that would have gone to paying premium prices for Healing at St. Mungo’s to other, equally worthy endeavors.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Maybe you should just re-design the whole Wizarding world,” Harry said. It was hard to disagree with anything the other girl was saying.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Maybe I will,” Hermione said, amused. “You have to admit the inefficiency is staggering at times. I mean, having magic is one thing, but there’s no excuse for wasting resources and not doing everything possible to economize and capitalize on the magic in the first place. “</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I think it has to do with wizards’ natural inclination to resist change and preserve the mystery that magic represents,” Harry said, having been struck by similar observations in the past. “I think some people are afraid of treating magic as anything less than a sacred blessing from the gods. It must be honored and preserved, but not manipulated or taken advantage of beyond a certain acceptable extent. This applies to magical society as well. Change in the form of progress must come so slowly that it’s almost unnoticeable. To transform the world too quickly is to admit that something about it is wrong.” At Hermione’s blank look, Harry grimaced. “I know how it sounds, but you have to remember that a lot of wizards believe they were chosen to wield magic because of a quality that is innate in them, not because of a happy accident of genetics. They think there’s something perfect about magic, something indelibly pure. To people who think that way, the idea of making magic and the world of magic <em class="calibre5"> efficient</em> is unattractive; deciding which parts of their glorious tradition are useful and which are superfluous feels like playing god. The only time they accept sudden change is when it’s a reversal of progress-suddenly barring Muggleborns from attending Hogwarts, for instance. If it’s couched in a way that feels like a decisive act of <em class="calibre5"> restoration</em> to the purity of the past, people can get behind it. Otherwise… every well-reasoned argument just sounds to them like an upstart indoctrinate telling a senior priest how to worship his god properly.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“But that’s so insane,” Hermione moaned, tugging on her own hair in frustration. “You can’t treat real life like a religion. There are actual consequences in the physical world around them for their stubborn ignorance. Consequences for people like <em class="calibre5"> me</em>. Like <em class="calibre5"> us</em>.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“In their minds, they don’t have a duty to protect us,” Harry said quietly. “They only have a duty to protect magic itself and preserve the wise practices passed down by the great magic users of old. Individual lives don’t mean anything in the scope of the ten-thousand-year tradition they imagine themselves to be heir to.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Even the oldest families in the Book of Gold don’t go back more than a thousand years,” Hermione grumbled. “Don’t they realize that even the purest of families, the purest <em class="calibre5"> magic</em>, has to start somewhere?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Oh, they do,” Harry said, smiling wryly. “In a perfect world the Muggleborns would have their own community, and marry one another until their children were sufficiently halfblooded, at which point they would marry other halfbloods until eventually their line became pure by definition, after which they would live in relative obscurity, a faceless, nameless family of pureblooded witches and wizards who listened to whatever the oldest and purest of families told them. Very few purebloods are fanatic enough to want to shut Muggleborns out of society completely. The wiser ones even recognize that they need fresh blood to survive in any genetically competitive sense. They’d still like to see outsiders integrated slowly, however, preferably with as little impact on the society at large as possible. What they fear above all is a Muggleborn or halfblood coming into their society for seven years and then, whether by skill, hard work, or accident, ascending to power rapidly and enacting widespread change in the culture at a pace that their traditions can’t combat effectively.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“So they shunt us off to schools outside of the country where we can make no connections, so that when we enter the workplace-at those places not discouraged from hiring anyone schooled abroad-we are at a permanent disadvantage compared to our pureblooded coworkers,” Hermione said, something like pained fury on her face. “It’s rather brilliant, I have to admit. A few years ago I would have said no one would spend so much time and energy actively fighting to keep someone else down when they could be spending it on building themselves up, but… well, the Wizarding world has been nothing if not full of surprises, I suppose.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Not all of them bad,” Harry said, nudging the girl softly. She hadn’t meant to get to involved in a conversation about politics while they walked. They were nearing Pendragon Alley, anyway, and there was no need to take a bad mood into the clinic with them.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione smiled with the right side of her mouth. “Not all bad,” she agreed. After a deep breath, she added, “Nothing can stay bad forever, anyway. Look at what we’re doing now. You’re going to take a potion to a little girl and make her healthy again. I firmly believe there’s a cure for everything, if you look hard enough. We’ll find the cure for the Wizarding world, Harry. I know we will.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She found a light blinking faintly in her chest that was something like hope and marveled at Hermione’s ability to make an arguably impossible task sound like something the two of them just hadn’t got around to yet.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Jason had reached the entrance to Maywell long before them, but he waited patiently for them to arrive before bursting through the doors with a whoop.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Harry’s here! Harry’s here, Miss Eleni!” he called into the lobby.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Janice came around the front desk even as Mrs. Hurst poked her head out of a patient room and gestured her over with shaky expectation in her eyes. “In here, Harry. Did it work? Leo said you were entirely confident when he left.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry smiled widely as she and Hermione crossed the foyer. The good feeling she’d woken up with was back. “It turned out perfectly,” she told the Healer. She carefully extracted the bottles from her bag and handed them over to the witch, who grasped the containers as though they were spun sugar rather than thick, sturdy glass.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Thank you,” Mrs. Hurst said softly, settling a very grateful gaze on her face before turning and moving back into the room. “Come see Cora-she wants to meet you. Your friend, too.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They followed her through the door into a space that looked smaller than it was, probably because of all the people crowding around the little bed that stood in the center. Leo was there, lounging in a corner so as to be out of the way of Healer Carol, who was monitoring the little girl’s vitals. The blonde-haired child in the bed didn’t appear to be paying the Healer any attention, though. She was blinking wide green eyes at Harry and Hermione, somehow managing to convey a sense of boundless energy without moving a single muscle. She had to wonder with a pang how long the poor child had been confined to a bed.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You’re Harry,” the girl said. She was propped up on a number of pillows, and her gaze flitted around the room fast enough to compensate for her motionless body. “I’m Cora. Margo said you were nice.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She said you were nice, too,” Harry told the girl.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Who’re you?” Cora asked, her eyes landing on Hermione’s wildly curly hair with something like fascination.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“This is my friend, Hermione,” Harry said. “She wanted to come and make sure you got better. Hermione, this is Cora.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It’s lovely to meet you,” Hermione said, the kindness in her eyes far outshining any pity she may have felt for the child.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Harry and Hermione brought you a present, dear heart,” Mrs. Hurst said. She had uncorked one of the bottles and scooped a dram of the congealed potion into a little cup. “It’s going to make you better.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“It looks like garbage sludge,” Cora said matter-of-factly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Just pretend it’s pudding,” Jason said encouragingly. “That’s what I do when I have to eat mashed peas.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You drop your peas on the floor and everyone knows it,” Cora said absently, still inspecting the cup of greenish-grey medicine suspiciously. “I think it’s troll boogies.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’ll turn <em class="calibre5"> you</em> into a boogie if you don’t eat it,” Mrs. Hurst threatened.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Gulping, Cora gingerly tilted her head back and allowed the Healer to squeeze the contents of the cup into her mouth without further delay. She shuddered and grimaced but nonetheless swallowed the full dose.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“How long until it takes effect?” Leo asked from his corner. She didn’t miss the way he eyed Hermione with undisguised curiosity and began brainstorming ways of putting that meeting off as long as possible.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“She’ll have to take one dose an hour for the next twelve hours,” Mrs. Hurst said briskly. “We’ll know it’s working when she can wiggle her fingers and toes; it’ll pull the magic out of the extremities first.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“So I’ll be able to juggle again, soon,” Cora said, eyes lighting up. “I’m almost up to five knives at once!”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione looked vaguely alarmed, but kept her thoughts to herself at Harry’s reassuring look. Mrs. Hurst was not so circumspect. “No knife juggling for at least two weeks,” she said sternly. “When your muscles are completely recovered you may start with balls and pins only.” Cora groaned as much as she was able without moving, but Mrs. Hurst would not be moved. “You’ll have to relearn some of your dexterity before you’re back in top form.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Cora sighed, but appeared altogether satisfied that she would at least be back to her old self eventually. Seeing that all was well, Harry said a quiet goodbye to Cora and Jason and took Hermione back out to the lobby. She was hoping to declare their errand complete and get the Muggleborn girl back to Diagon without delay, but when Mrs. Hurst followed them out, Hermione latched onto the older woman immediately, rattling off questions and soaking up their answers like a somewhat worshipful sponge.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“But why haven’t I heard anything about places like this before?” Hermione bemoaned. “Even our professors at AIM never mentioned the possibility.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“AIM?” Mrs. Hurst blinked, looking at the girl more carefully. “Are you in the Healer track then?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“That’s right,” Hermione said, smiling brightly. “I’m in the same class as Harry.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Mrs. Hurst looked a little confused, though she attempted to hide it as she delved into a discussion on the difficulties facing charitable projects in the Wizarding world. Harry recalled with a mental cringe that Mrs. Hurst had never believed her story about attending AIM during the school year. She must be very perplexed as to why a girl was now claiming to be her schoolmate. She wasn’t worried about the Healer prying into the facts of their relationship; Mrs. Hurst was discreet, and there was nothing incriminating for her to find in any case. She did wonder if it would make her less suspicious of Harry’s backstory or more suspicious of Hermione’s, though.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">It seemed as if their discussion was winding down, which was good news for Harry. She really wanted to get Hermione back to the upper alleys before Leo got around to meeting her. She was just about to suggest they get going when the brown-eyed girl uttered a question that nearly made her groan aloud in frustration.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Do you need any part-time volunteers?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Volunteers?” Mrs. Hurst repeated, looking intrigued by the idea. “We’ve never had an intern before.” A shadow crossed her face a moment later. “It’s very kind of you to offer, my dear, but no. It’s not safe for you to traverse the alleys if you aren’t familiar with them.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I could Floo in,” Hermione insisted, looking quite eager. “You have a Floo, don’t you? My parents’ house is connected. They’ll be thrilled at the idea; they work in a branch of the Muggle healthcare system, and they’re very keen on the virtues of public service.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well, I don’t know,” Mrs. Hurst said, looking torn. Harry could see she liked the idea of having a young would-be Healer to train. It was probably only the reluctance to expose the girl to the lower alley way of life that kept her from agreeing immediately.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’ll work very hard, Ma’am,” Hermione assured her. “I’m the top of my class-well, sometimes Harry is, but I’m sure I can be of use in complementary ways. Harry is excellent with blunt trauma and with potions, of course, but I’m told I have a very delicate touch with soft tissues.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Mrs. Hurst laughed softly. “You certainly sound well-qualified. I suppose… if you’re sure you want to.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Harry was hard pressed to hide her horror as the two finalized the arrangement. They had just met and suddenly there was an air of deep camaraderie between them. How had events spiraled so quickly out of her control? There was no way she could keep Leo and Hermione from meeting if she was spending an unknown amount of time at Maywell. How long until they started comparing notes on her?</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She could feel something like despair creeping up on her even as she kept a pleased expression pasted on her face for the sake of her ‘friend.’ Somehow when she’d analyzed the idea of bringing Hermione along in order to make the errand seem less suspicious she had been entirely focused on the possibility that Leo would become curious about a friend of Harry’s from school. Somehow it never occurred to her that <em class="calibre5"> Hermione</em> might be curious about something in <em class="calibre5"> Leo’s</em> world.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">The only saving grace was that Leo stayed in the patient room keeping Cora company until Harry managed to drag Hermione away from the clinic. At the least, that interaction had been postponed.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione chatted the whole way back to Diagon, speculating about the types of cases she’d be likely to see and how much broader a range of experience it would be compared to what they were exposed to at AIM. Harry hummed agreeably in all the right places, but Hermione seemed to know that her placidly interested face hid a deep discomfort.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Have I upset you, Harry?” Hermione asked abruptly, interrupting her own train of thought as she glanced over and caught a glimpse of something in Harry’s eyes that derailed it.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“No, not at all,” she said, putting a greater effort into projecting a relaxed sort of cheer. “I had no idea you’d be so interested in the clinic, or I would have mentioned it before.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">She frowned. “I’m not stupid, Harry. It’s kind of obvious you were reluctant to share that with me. Is it… is it because they think you’re a boy here, too?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Some people do,” Harry admitted. “And almost no one knows my last name is Potter. I have a kind of… anonymity here, I suppose, that I value. Maybe I was afraid that if I brought someone from my normal life down here I would lose… something. I’m not explaining it well. I wasn’t trying to hurt your feelings.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I know,” Hermione said. “I understand that you probably need somewhere you can be yourself over the summer, away from your family, I mean. I want you to know that I wasn’t trying to force my way into this part of your life, even though it might seem that way. I mean, I want to be part of your life, obviously, but if it makes you uncomfortable I’ll keep to the clinic and you’ll hardly ever see me.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“You are a part of my life,” she said, casting about for a sentiment she thought Archie would exhibit. “The best part.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Hermione looked slightly uncomfortable, but Harry couldn’t tell if it was because she could detect the note of insincerity behind the words or of there was some other reason. She really didn’t known enough about Archie’s relationship with Hermione to make this work properly.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Well,” the other girl said after a long moment of silence. “This was certainly more than I expected from our outing today. Wait until mother hears that I went out for ice cream and came home with an <em class="calibre5"> internship</em>.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I’m sure she expects nothing less of you,” Harry said, attempting the teasing tone that she might use with her own friends. “You have already finished the summer assignments, after all. Even your no doubt ambitious reading list won’t be able to fill your whole summer. In fact,” she mused, tapping her chin thoughtfully, “I wouldn’t be surprised if your parents were rather relieved.”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“What’s that supposed to mean?” Hermione demanded on an amused huff.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Just that a Hermione Granger with too much time on her hands can’t be good for the household equilibrium,” Harry said innocently. “You do enjoy projects, don’t you, ‘Mione?”</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Are you insinuating that I meddle in other people’s lives in order to fill a boredom-induced-void that otherwise aches in the absence of constructive work to satisfy my industrious nature?” Hermione squinted at her in a way that was as intimidating as a baby squirrel.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“I thought I’d said it pretty bluntly, actually,” Harry said, inspecting her fingernails.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">They exchanged affected looks of suspicion and nonchalance respectively before breaking into matching grins.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">“Let’s get ice cream, Harry,” Hermione said, linking her arm with Harry’s happily. Harry relaxed into her grip, feeling content that she’d at least been able to smooth things back into a semblance of companionship. She thought that with a couple more meetings like this, she’d have a good enough handle on the Muggleborn girl’s personality to get on well with her. Hermione certainly wasn’t overbearing or rude, which is more than she could say about many of her other acquaintances. On the other hand, a large part of her hoped she never got the chance. As impractical as the sentiment was in the long term, she wished she could just leave the other girl to Archie.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Shaking her head internally, she berated herself. Being friends with a smart, well-meaning girl was far from the worst thing she would do in the course of their ruse. Who was she to complain? She was lucky to get the chance to solidify her cover at AIM in such an unassuming way. Hermione would be a fountain of information and small details-the kind that really sold a lie, the kind that she would need if she were ever asked in detail about her experiences in America. With that in mind, she shook off the uneasy feeling that lingered at the idea of Hermione traipsing around the lower alleys unattended. She had to take advantage of this opportunity while she could.</p>

  <p class="calibre55">Pulling herself out of her own thoughts, she bent her mind more readily to the girl beside her. Archie was counting on her to keep his relationship with Hermione strong. She’d done a poor job of it so far, having been caught off-balance from their first, unexpected encounter. She could do better. She would have to, for both of their sakes.</p>




  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../ihon0dvl.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="../1/titlepage.xhtml">The Pureblood Pretense by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_016.html">Chapter 15</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_017.html">Chapter 16</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_018.html">Chapter 17</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_019.html">Chapter 18</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_020.html">Chapter 19</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_021.html">Chapter 20</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_022.html">Chapter 21</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_023.html">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../1/index_split_024.html">The Black Family Names – Real Facts</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../2/titlepage.xhtml">The Serpentine Subterfuge by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../2/index_split_016.html#id_End">End</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../3/titlepage.xhtml">The Ambiguous Artifice by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_016.html">Chapter 15</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_017.html">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../3/index_split_017.html#id_End">End</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="titlepage.xhtml">The Futile Façade by murkybluematter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="cover.xhtml">Cover</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="titlepage.html">Title Page</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="summary.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_1.xhtml">1. Healing</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_2.xhtml">2. Correspondence</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_3a.xhtml">3a. Seifer's Solution</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_3.xhtml">3b. The Free Dueling Tournament</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_4.xhtml">4. The Quidditch World Cup</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_5.xhtml">5. Acknowledgement</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_6.xhtml">6. Allegiances</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_7.xhtml">7. Negotiations</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_8.xhtml">8a. Weighing of the Wands</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_8b.xhtml">8b. The Forbidden Forest</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_9.xhtml">9. Blood Wards</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_10.xhtml">10a. Freebrewing</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_10b.xhtml">10b. The Rod of Zuriel</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_11.xhtml">11. Champion of Charity: Rigel Black Gives Back</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_12.xhtml">12. Ascending</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_13.xhtml">13. The Final Task</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_14.xhtml">Who is RBC?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="EPUB/chap_15.xhtml">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="EPUB/chap_2.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../ihon0dvl.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="EPUB/chap_3.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
