<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Chapter 10</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../page_styles1.css"/>

  


<link href="../../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../../ihon0dvl.html">Rigel Black Chronicles
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Violet Matter

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="chap_9.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="../chap_10b.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    

    <p class="title">10a. Freebrewing</p>

    <p class="calibre55">December landed on wings of ice and roared with the breath of an irritable grizzly. The first Thursday afternoon after the second task found Rigel bundled to her ears, making a slow tunnel through the soft snow toward the Forbidden Forest. Treeslider was curled against her chest, hissing a litany of doubtful words under three layers of clothing.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">The wind isss much too sssearing, Ssspeaker.”</em> The boomslang snake’s voice came floating up to her ears, and Rigel tucked her chin in response.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Thisss wasss your idea,”</em> she hissed into the neck of her jumper.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Your nessst isss ssso warm,”</em> Treeslider said plaintively. “<em class="calibre5">How wasss I to know thisss monssstrousss ssstorm awaited usss?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">I sssaid it wasss cold,”</em> Rigel said, chuckling a little at the snake’s dramatics. It had long since stopped snowing, and was now only blowing the fresh powder back and forth.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">Ssspeaker isss known to have a poor underssstanding of heat.” </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel thought Treeslider had a poor understanding of words, but she didn’t want to argue with the snake. Instead, she stopped moving toward the forest and said, <em class="calibre5"> “Doesss thisss mean you don’t want to sssee how your nessst isss doing today?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">Treeslider shuddered against her torso. <em class="calibre5"> “It isss lossst under thisss messss. We mussst return to the ssstone foressst before we freeze.”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“<em class="calibre5">All right.”</em> She sighed. Would that the snake had made this determination before she’d slogged halfway across the grounds.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">A familiar voice called out from the swirling winds, an unfamiliar tone of urgent amusement in its pitch.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Save me! Rigel, stop them!” Hermione was tearing across the lawn, bright blue scarf trailing behind her like the tail of a kite. She rounded Rigel and ducked down behind her, as though Rigel’s unimpressive girth was capable of shielding her from sight in this expanse of white.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Only a dozen paces behind her, two bundles of burgundy were committed in a headlong charge. Rigel felt mischief curl within her. “When I say so, jump to the side,” she murmured to the girl doubled over in breathless laughter behind her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She waited until the Weasley twins were near enough to see the whites in her eyes. Her arms outstretched, she said, “Guys, we can talk about this like reasonable-now!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel and Hermione leapt out of the way, and the twins, who’d each taken a running lunge to cover the last several feet, fell in an explosion of powder and spluttered outrage. Fred came up first, spewing, “Traitor!” alongside a mouthful of snow.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">George shook himself like a dog, sending wet misery everywhere in a three-foot radius. “N-no fair!” he said, taking his feet with some difficulty. Rigel schooled her face to blankness, refusing to give sympathy to the boys who would have cheerfully plowed her into the snow.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What are you doing, chasing Hermione?” Rigel asked them, folding her arms in a posture of mock sternness. “When I introduced you, I’m <em class="calibre5"> sure</em> I mentioned she was under my protection.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Fred scowled up at her from his seat in the snow. “You can’t have all the good ones, Pup!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I left you Ron, didn’t I?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Fred pursed his lips. “Ron doesn’t squeal like he used to.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione let out a helpless laugh. “Why is everything here so <em class="calibre5"> weird?”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s Hogwarts,” the twins chorused. The looks on their faces indicated the statement should be self-evident.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You get used to it,” Rigel offered. After a moment’s thought, she frowned. “Actually, you never should. Harry won’t forgive me if I send you back weird.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Harry is even weirder,” Hermione muttered.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">From her point of view, that may very well be the case, Rigel allowed. She turned back to George, who was now helping Fred brush the powder from his pants. “Why chase Hermione when there are so many more deserving souls in this world?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">George smiled, and it was so innocent she automatically suspected a lie. “We just wanted to invite her to the Burrow this summer.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel allowed that to sink in for a moment before asking, “In what language is pursuit equivalent to an invitation?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Fred’s expression was pitying as he drawled, “If you don’t know the answer to that by now, Pup, you may never figure it out.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Before she could retort, George punched his brother lightly in the arm and said, “No! Bad, Forge, corrupting the Puppy.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Did they not see you face down a dragon?” Hermione’s tone was altogether bewildered.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Fred and George have known me too long to be in awe,” Rigel said. She found she was grateful for the thread of truth woven behind the humor as she spoke. “I can say the same, though. They try to pretend they don’t care about anything except fun and chaos, but these two once braced a first year’s fractured wrist when he was too scared to go to the Mediwitch.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Aww, Puppy!” Fred fell into her arms, and subsequently windmilled backwards just as quickly, once Treeslider made himself heard from the confines of her shirt. “Why is your shirt speaking in Parseltongue!?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She brushed a soothing hand over the front of her jumper, murmuring comforting nothings to her familiar until he stopped threatening to eat the clumsy sack of flesh that had disturbed his slumber.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Is that the snake from the first task?” George asked, leaning close and peering in the general direction of her torso as though he could see through the layers to the irritable boomslang snake within.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She resisted the urge to shy backwards from his gaze, knowing intellectually that there was nothing but a lumpy jumper to see. “His name is Treeslider,” she said. “After the difficulties in the forest, he’s been somewhat… resistant to rehabilitation.” Not that she minded, really. Rigel felt rather selfish, but part of her wanted to keep the snake. He was a wild creature, not some pet. Still, each time he declined to go back to the forest her heart warmed a little more toward the idea of enjoying his companionship indefinitely.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He was very brave for you,” Hermione said, frowning thoughtfully. “Did you know him before the task, or did you use your gift to find him when you learned the task was in the forest?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I met him my first year here,” she admitted. “He’s been a better friend than I probably deserve.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Friendship isn’t about deserving anything,” George said firmly. “It just is.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel smiled, but she knew it was wan. Easy for some to say, she supposed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“As long as we’re on the spirit of friendship,” Fred declared, looking between Hermione and Rigel with a deviously innocuous expression. “We really did want to invite you over to the Burrow this summer. Both of you, actually. Bring Harriet too, Rigel. It’ll be fun.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She could honestly say she’d never spent a day at the Burrow that wasn’t fun. Hectic, farcical, and exhausting, yes, but unmistakably <em class="calibre5"> fun</em>.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“They keep telling me this mythical ‘Burrow’ is somehow held together with magic alone,” Hermione said, openly dubious. “It isn’t possible, though, to build something out of magic like that.” Her eyes darted to Rigel’s and she added, almost against her better judgment, “Is it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel considered her answer carefully. Hermione was, she had noticed, painstakingly correct in all things. “It has to be done slowly, over time, but yes, eventually it is possible for magic to compensate or even take the place of regular materials. It just depends on how much magic is regularly imbued into the foundational wards. Hogwarts is a great example of that, actually.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione looked vaguely disturbed. “Are you saying the castle is only held up by magic at this point?” She didn’t seem comforted by the idea.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No, don’t listen to Pup!” Fred exclaimed. “He doesn’t live in a centuries-old house stitched together with magic and love.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“But… you do?” Hermione clarified.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Sure!” George said cheerfully. “And we can tell you <em class="calibre5"> all about it.”</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You can?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel grimaced as Hermione took the bait like a starving guppy. <em class="calibre5"> It’s a trap</em>, she thought at the poor girl. <em class="calibre5"> Don’t do it.</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">Alas, Hermione was no Legilimens.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Boy, can we!” George looped one of his arms through Hermione’s, and it was the beginning of the end for the girl. “The Burrow’s primary wards date back several centuries. As you probably know, when subsequent wards are added within an existing set, the two works can be fused to become a single ward. This is the principle behind the Burrow’s magnificence.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Fred appropriated Hermione’s free limb, picking up the narrative seamlessly. “Indeed, Milady, and the more wards you add to the original as the years pass, the stronger the original ward becomes. Anyone trying to take down the Weasley wards now would have to not only break the power of the original Weasley who cast them, but also overcome the magic of every additional ward that’s been cast there since!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“But what if the wards are contradictory in nature…?” Hermione was gone before Rigel could send a prayer to Merlin for her sanity.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She returned to the castle at her own speed; a part of her enjoyed the bracing bite of the winter wind against her face. It felt real, in a way that the surrealism of the tournament and all the drama orbiting in its sphere never did. Sometimes it was hard to remember what she’d entered this absurd competition for. Just as sometimes it was hard to remember how deeply she was entrenched in the ruse. She tried not to think about it, mostly. It would only overwhelm her to consider the true implications of the wide, furrowed web she and Archie had managed to weave.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel found her plate positively buried beneath packages Friday morning. A heavy parcel from Flourish and Blotts contained several books on rituals that she’d catalogue-ordered after running through most of Hogwart’s unrestricted references on the subject. Lily’s use of a ritual to imbue the obsidian necklace had refocused her interest in the subject, and she was certain there was a connection between Dumbledore’s story about a witch who transferred her magic to another and the bottle of Riddle’s magic slowly accumulating in her mindscape.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She set the books aside and took the letter from the next package curiously. It was from Archie, and he advised her not to open it at the table. She heard the rattle of potions vials as she tucked the small rectangle into her bookbag and smiled. It seemed her cousin had sent the additional samples of blood she’d asked for. Rigel already had enough for one unexpected blood identity test, but after the barrier she’d encountered in the second task, she wanted enough for each of the remaining tasks, too.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The last parcel was soft, and contained both a letter and a number of pages from a Muggle newspaper that were yellowed with age. Rigel couldn’t help but smile in anticipation as she perused the politely-worded reply to an inquiry she’d sent to the Little Hangleton public records office. Hermione had helped her find the correct address, and after that it was a simple matter of dropping it into the muggle-mail slot at the Hogsmeade owlery.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Dear Mr. Riddle, </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Your research has led you to right place, but I regret to inform you that the search for your estranged family is not yet at an end. The Riddle family did indeed have a prominent branch seated in our town for a number of generations, and in fact owned much of the town itself at one point. In 1943, however, Squire Riddle sold the family holdings to the town council and moved his entire family with very little warning. </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Unfortunately, Thomas Riddle did not provide any forwarding address. We have heard no news of the family since they left Little Hangleton. In order to facilitate your search, I have included every mention of the Riddle family I could find in our town archives. If you do discover where the subsequent generations of the Riddle family ended up, I hope you’ll write again and let me know. It would be a satisfactory conclusion to a mystery that has interested the townsfolk for many years!</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Best of luck in your endeavor. </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Sincerely, </em></p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Agatha Spool</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Little Hangleton Archives</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel’s grin was threatening to spill over her face as she set the letter aside and thumbed through the muggle newspaper clippings. She had no interest in the many articles about Squire Riddle’s shady business dealings or Mary Riddle’s social proclivities. As she flipped past an article about the acquisition of a large tract of land that had been originally set aside as a primary school, she found it: an edition from 1926 with the brazen headline ‘Squire’s Son Elopes With Local Tramp!’ splashed across the front page. It was exactly the sort of gleefully salacious article one might expect from a small town with no love for its richest constituents.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The text contained more speculation than fact, but one thing appeared to be indisputable: Tom Riddle, handsome son of Squire Thomas Riddle, had absconded suddenly and most perplexingly to London with one Merope Gaunt, daughter of local vagabond Marvolo Gaunt. The picture painted of Merope was not pleasant, and it was clear to Rigel that the townspeople suspected there was much more to the story. Dashing and wealthy young men did not often take up with the backwater, squalor-bred women of the world without the impetus of blackmail, villainy, or both.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> It’s indisputable</em>, she thought. The feeling of triumph that rushed through her was almost giddy. <em class="calibre5"> Tom Riddle is a halfblood</em>. Given the Riddle family’s sudden relocation, she reckoned he’d tried to cover his heritage up by sending the Riddle family somewhere far away, but he couldn’t obliviate every townsperson in Little Hangleton.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her next thought cut through the giddiness with wariness. How in Merlin’s name could no one else know? It had taken her less than a month of serious searching to put the pieces together. Was it really possible that no one else had ever wondered? <em class="calibre5"> Maybe he’s silencing them</em>, a grim voice offered. <em class="calibre5"> Or disappearing them, like he did his whole Muggle family.</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">With that ominous possibility ringing in her mind, she rolled up the newspapers and tucked them into her bag with the letter. As she straightened, she met Pansy’s eyes, and the blonde girl leaned in from her seat beside her to ask, “What have you done, Rigel?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The girl had probably caught the name Riddle on every newspaper article as Rigel flipped through them. Still, Rigel tilted her head carefully and asked, “Are you certain you want to know?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Pansy stared hard at her for a long moment, but in the end, she shook her head and turned her worried eyes back to her own breakfast. “Be careful,” was all she said.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel smiled reassuringly, but inside she was torn. On the one hand, Riddle was a dangerous man, and he probably wouldn’t hesitate to retaliate if he knew what she was up to. On the other hand, she thought too many people had been careful around him for too long. If those around him had been a little less careful and a little more suspicious, he might never have built the powerful mystique that let him waltz through the world without any regard for it.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was, she supposed, at least one person she could speak to freely about it. All that morning in her Healing class she was semi-attentive at best, and she barely managed to choke down a few bites of food at lunch in her excitement. It was only after impatiently giving the gargoyle the password and hurrying up the spiraling stairs that she realized Dumbledore was still down in the Great Hall and she would have to wait for him to finish his meal before she could share her grand theory.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The wind in her sails sufficiently snuffed, Rigel sank into one of the soft, oversized chairs that littered the Headmaster’s office and took out one of her new books to pass the time. It was titled <em class="calibre5"> Rituals of Transference</em> and the table of contents told her it was broken into sections pertaining to familial and non-familial magical transfer.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She settled in to read, on the lookout for any use of transference magic that sounded potentially malicious. The subject matter turned out to be too interesting to skim, however, and she found herself nose-deep in a chapter about Bloodline transference when Fawkes trilled out a welcome. Rigel glanced up to see Dumbledore twinkling genially down at her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Are my clocks running slow today?” he asked curiously.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She flushed. “No, sir. I’m running early. There was something I wanted to ask you about before we began today’s Alchemy lesson.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Ah. In that case, why don’t we address your question in comfort before adjourning to the workroom?” He rearranged a chair so that it was facing hers with a whimsical flick of his fingers and called for tea and biscuits. The soft, gooey sweets wafted chocolate fumes her direction and Rigel, who hadn’t eaten as much as she should have at lunch, accepted one with chagrined gratitude. “Now, to this lunch-averting matter,” the Headmaster said with a wink. “What can I help you with today, Mr. Black?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel opened her mouth, and suddenly realized she had no idea where to start or how to explain her recent obsession with Riddle’s genealogy. After a moment’s hesitation, she pulled the bundle of newspaper clippings from her bag and selected the relevant one for Dumbledore’s perusal. “I’ve been looking into Riddle’s background,” she said, grimacing. “I know it’s a bit gauche, but I’m so tired of my friends calling him ‘Lord Riddle’ and acting as though he’s the next coming of Salazar Slytherin.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore’s eyebrows rose as he rapidly scanned the paper’s contents, but when he leveled his piercingly blue gaze at her, he showed no real surprise. “So you have discovered Tom’s somewhat ignoble roots. I’m certain you’re aware that he would prefer this knowledge never see the light of modern day.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You knew?” Rigel frowned. “Sir, forgive me, but I don’t understand why no one else does. This undermines everything he’s been trying to do for the last fifty years. If it was leaked, it could change everything.” As Dumbledore continued to look impassively grave, she added, “Couldn’t it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore sighed. “I am aware of Tom’s heritage, in part because I was the professor sent to introduce him to the Wizarding World. While at Wool’s Orphanage, I spoke with the proprietress about the circumstances of young Tom’s arrival there. His mother only lived long enough to name him for his father and grandfather, but this information was sufficient to trace his origins the very same way you have now done.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Why isn’t it commonly known?” Rigel asked, still confused. “I mean, wouldn’t people have asked while he was in school?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Tom himself was unaware of his lineage until very late in his school years, I believe,” Dumbledore said slowly. “He was thought to be a muggleborn, at first, but when rumors of his Parseltongue ability began to circulate the school, that belief changed. After all, who ever heard of a Parselmouth who wasn’t a pureblood?” The question, eerily reminiscent of something Draco had said, sent a thrum of unease through Rigel. Sometimes, it seemed Dumbledore’s gaze was too perceptive. If she didn’t have faith in Dom’s ability to warn her of even the subtlest attempt at Legilimency, she might worry for her secrets.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel considered the old man’s words, but had to ask, “If you knew, why haven’t you said anything? This could drastically affect his support base.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore regarded her almost pityingly. “Tom will only deny it. All evidence aside, he will claim the Riddle name comes from the mystery of his origins, and that the muggles you traced until their disappearance were a mere coincidence.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“But if the speculation is made, he’d have to give some explanation, wouldn’t he?” she asked. Even though part of her balked at essentially treating the halfblood label as an accusation, she knew that his supports would see it that way. Why not use it, then? “His mother is certainly Merope Gaunt. The Parseltongue gift, as well as the orphanage’s records, would be proof of that. He’d have to give some account of his father. Who else could he claim?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I believe he would probably name Morfin Gaunt, if pressed.” The Headmaster said quietly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel gaped at him. “His uncle?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Incest is more palatable than the truth, to those who would care in the first place,” Dumbledore reminded her gently.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She grimaced in distaste. “But even still, Morfin was in prison for three years.” She shook her head. “It just isn’t possible. Riddle’s birth date is listed as a year and a half after his uncle’s imprisonment. Unless you’re suggesting Merope went to Azkaban for conjugal visits with her brother…” She attempted to say it sarcastically, but as the words came out of her mouth she realized with horror that it was <em class="calibre5"> exactly</em> what some might suggest.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There are those for whom even that explanation would be preferable.” Dumbledore didn’t seem disgusted or disappointed by that fact, merely resigned.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel let out a huff of revulsion. “That’s just… ugh. What is <em class="calibre5"> wrong</em> with the world?” No matter which way she looked at it, Dumbledore was absolutely right. If she came forward with the information, not only would she paint a giant target on her back, but Riddle wouldn’t even flinch. He’d probably play the embarrassed pureblood card and cagily admit that his parents had been siblings in unsanctioned lust. Better than that allow the whisper of a possibility that he, Lord Riddle, head of the S.O.W. Party and preeminent bigot in all of Britain, could be a halfblood.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">All her research, for nothing. She bit through the biscuit in her hand with an annoyed growl. After chewing it over both literally and figuratively for a moment, she said, “I don’t suppose we could force him to do a blood test.” She didn’t need Dumbledore’s regretful look to tell her it was impossible. Riddle was simply too powerful to make him do anything he didn’t want to do. Back to square one, then. Unless… she shot the Headmaster a considering look. “Maybe we could trick him, somehow. Is there any magic that only a pureblood can perform?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore frowned thoughtfully. “Apart from very specific inheritance magic, I’m not aware of anything. That is, of course, what makes the distinction largely superfluous in the first place.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel flushed. “Yes, sir.” Really, what had she been expecting? If there was an easy way to undermine Riddle, no doubt the Headmaster would have done it long ago. She glanced down at the book in her lap thoughtfully. “When you say inheritance magic, do you mean familial rituals? I’m reading about them now. There are a few that sound incredibly powerful, but it strikes me that I don’t know any purebloods who would actually want to use one.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“How you do mean?” the Headmaster asked, a mild frown on his face.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Well, a lot of the inheritance type rituals in this book seem to require significant sacrifice on one side. For instance, this line circumvention ritual-” She turned to the page and tilted the book so that Dumbledore could see the description. “-was designed around the transfer of familial gifts to an unrelated, lesser-blooded witch or wizard. The idea was that the last heir to a family could pass his or her gifts to a halfblood or muggleborn. This way, rather than allow the magic of an old line to go extinct or fade into obscurity as it blends into other strong pureblooded lines, the magic lives on even when the family dies out.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I can’t say I’ve ever heard of such a ritual being performed,” Dumbledore said, his slow, elderly voice contrasting sharply with the speed at which his eyes roamed over the page.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded. “Exactly. Because what pureblood in existence would be both utterly selfless and utterly unprejudiced to the extent that they would sacrifice their own gift in order that another, less pure wizard might wield it instead?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“All who come immediately to mind are also those for whom the passing on of family magic would not be a strong priority.” As he said it, she wondered if he was thinking about Sirius. Even if her uncle had a family gift to pass on, he would never consider that it might be his duty to do so.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Really, there was something tragically ironic about it all. Purebloods liked to think of themselves as so very unique, but the type of magic that was truly exclusive to them was also that which would require them to give up that part of themselves in order to make use of it. She shook her head ruefully as she put the book away. “I suppose you’ve listened to me rail against the system enough for one day, Professor. Shall we, as you put it, adjourn to the workroom?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The system might be better-tempered if it had more occasion to resist a good railing,” Dumbledore said with a chuckle. “Nevertheless, your father is paying good tuition for me to educate you, rather than the other way around.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“A wise man once said, ‘education is a journey, not a destination, and as such may not be rushed,’” Rigel said, standing along with the aged professor.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Which wise man was that?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Uncle Remus,” she admitted, grinning briefly. “It was a shame he couldn’t keep teaching here. Something should really be done about that curse.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore inclined his head regretfully. “The only two cursebreakers to try their wands at lifting it were both irreversibly altered by the attempt. Since then, I have ceased commissioning the work, though I admit it is especially difficult to bear when it means bidding farewell to so dedicated an educator as Mr. Lupin.” They crossed to the bookcase where Dumbledore pulled the secret lever to reveal his workspace. It never ceased to amuse Rigel that a wizard who was taken so seriously by so many had an irrepressibly whimsical streak. “Tell me, has your uncle found alternative work to satisfy him?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She nodded slowly, recalling the last couple of letters from Remus. “I think so. He’s begun tutoring a group of orphan kids who live in London. Not as structured an environment as Hogwarts, of course, but I think he enjoys the challenge and the chance to pass on what he knows to those who didn’t receive the same opportunities he did.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Dumbledore smiled, but there was something incredibly sad about it. “Many are the risks that turned to regret over the years, and few the gambles brought to vindication. When I balance the scales of my life, however, I do believe the decision to admit Remus Lupin to Hogwarts will be one of the heaviest achievements in the basket of absolute good.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">His words brought a lump to Rigel’s throat, and she was abruptly reminded of her purpose in coming to Hogwarts in the first place. It hadn’t been to challenge the system or prove herself to anyone. She had only come to learn, and sometime this year she had begun to lose sight of that ambition, a guiding star lost in a meteor shower. In the midst of everything raining down around her, she had to wonder if she would ever get back to that girl. And when all of it came to an end, in which basket would her decision to become Rigel Black fall?</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel walked into lab three the next morning ready to demand that Snape honor his bargain to teach her freebrewing in exchange for her making it through the second task and mastering projected magical awareness. She wore the unshakable determination like a cloak; this time, no matter how dangerous he claimed the next task would be, she would not be put off with more ancillary lessons. This time, they would brew. Snape was already within, and as he turned to greet her, she cut him off sternly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“We are freebrewing today or I will transfer to Durmstrang and take up an apprenticeship with Master Montmorency,” she declared.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The dark-haired man drew his spine in, increasing his already imposing height, and raised an unimpressed eyebrow at her. “Master Montmorency will never take an apprentice who can’t even use his own eyes before speaking.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel blinked. She leaned around her Head of House to see a cauldron sitting innocently at its brewing station and an array of ingredients laid out on the large countertop. “Oh.” She felt the blood move into her cheeks and her chin drop an inch as her indignation lost its direction abruptly. “Good,” she managed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape watched with open amusement as she pulled on her protective apron, gloves, and glasses. Rigel couldn’t begrudge him his humor at her expense, not when the warm glow of anticipation was climbing its way out from the deepest corners of her heart. She took up the brewer’s position beside the workstation and gave the Potions Master her undivided attention.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“How do we begin?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There are differing philosophies when it comes to freebrewing,” he told her. “The discipline is by its very nature non-standard. Some begin with a known recipe and attempt to alter it.” He paused, as though gauging her reaction to the idea. Rigel pursed her lips. That didn’t sound like true freebrewing. Snape’s mouth curled into the semblance of a smile and approval slipped into his voice. “It is my opinion that such an approach only limits the imagination and stifles the entire process. It may be safer, but reward is always proportional to risk.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel quite agreed. She didn’t want to incrementally alter existing recipes until she reached an arbitrary threshold of different-enough. The point of freebrewing was to create something entirely new. “How did you learn?” she asked.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Trial and error,” Snape said. He grimaced in remembrance. “It was a frustrating and dangerous path-one I would not lead another down.” Rigel frowned. The more she gleaned about his apprenticeship with Master Liu, the more she thought that not all brilliance lent itself to instruction. She was exceedingly fortunate that Professor Snape had both knowledge and the patience to impart it. Her Head of House gestured to the ingredients before her. “Instead, I have devised an introduction to this art that is both open-ended enough to foster free-thinking and limited enough to focus your efforts. What do most of these ingredients have in common?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel surveyed the counter slowly. Whether powdered, dried, or fresh, there were very few ingredients she couldn’t recognize on sight. “All of them have effects on the mind,” she said after a moment.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape inclined his head sharply. “You must come to freebrewing without a preconceived idea of how your potion will be constructed. Equally true, you must never put things into the cauldron without a purpose. The key, then, is to begin with a strict idea of <em class="calibre5"> what</em> you want the potion to accomplish, and work backwards to the <em class="calibre5"> how</em>.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She nodded slowly. It made a kind of sense, but she suspected she’d understand what he meant better when she actually did it.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“For now, I will set you goals and provide a semi-limited array of ingredients you may use,” Snape said. He folded his arms across his chest and fixed her with a challenging look. “Your first potion must lessen a person’s grief without also suppressing positive emotions.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel’s head tilted to one side as she thought. <em class="calibre5"> Interesting. Not just a blanket emotional suppressant, then.</em> She waited to see if he would give her any other instructions, but her professor merely stared at her expectantly. With a slow grin, she snapped her magical awareness about her like a permeable shield and reached for the oils. Her hand hesitated for a moment over peppermint, but with a shake of her head she took the lavender oil instead and coated the cauldron.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">As she set the fire to a mild temperature, Rigel ran through the various subtasks inherent in Snape’s challenge. The brain was a complex series of balances, and she thanked her Healing training for giving her the vocabulary to express what she wanted to accomplish at the most basic level. More than anything, bad feelings flourished in the absence of good feelings. Foremost, then, she needed ingredients to increase norepinephrine for positive drive, serotonin for happiness, and dopamine for pleasure. Then something to cloud the sharp memories.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">When the bottom oil was warm, she filled the cauldron halfway with plain water and turned up the heat until it simmered. Moving back to the counter, Rigel collected the petals and stigmas of a Crocus sativus plant first. The longer they steeped, the stronger the antidepressant effect would be. Next came root of Curcuma, sliced thin into rounds so unsettlingly orange she thought it must have been grown in a magical greenhouse. Chia seeds, ginseng, and powdered cocoa followed. She tipped a vial of raw honey into the pot and watched as it grew thin and dispersed as Rigel coaxed the fire higher.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her sensitivity whispered along the edges of her concentration as she stirred clockwise, not counting so much as watching, waiting. Rigel resisted the urge to consciously imbue, reminding herself that as long as she was projecting her magical awareness, she probably didn’t need to. She eyed the St. John’s Wort, but in the end thought better of it; the powerful antidepressant was also unpredictably reactive. Without knowing exactly what it would do to the serotonin levels, it wasn’t worth the risk. When the powder of the cocoa had completely dissolved, she removed the stirring rod and reached for two shining strands of hair. The first was Veela, and the second from the tail of a unicorn. She twisted the two hairs together and wound them around the stirring utensil before submersing it in the hot liquid. Rigel held it there, watching silver bleed slowly into the mixture, and when she felt the magic stop seeping into the potion, she removed the hairs, now blanched, and set them aside.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">After a scoop of crushed Fae fruit to dull recollections, she sealed the bulk of the mixture with a layer of sunflower oil and sprinkled a handful of dried pixie wings across the top. Rigel thought the oil might allow the calmative magic of the pixie to seep into the potion without risking a reaction with the fairy fruit.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She was wrong. Her potion tried to explode-<em class="calibre5"> tried</em>, because, just as the reaction began, Rigel flooded the cauldron with magic. The reaction froze before it could go any further, stalling into a kind of half-putrefied state, and Rigel thanked Snape’s stubborn insistence on her perfecting her magical awareness that she got to keep her eyebrows.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel let out a slow breath and stepped back from the cauldron with a sigh. She glanced over at her professor and surprised a look of utter astonishment on his normally impassive face. “What is it?” she asked, a frown sliding onto her face. “Was I supposed to wait for it to explode?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He shook his head slowly and pulled a vial of thick, black sludge from his belt. She recognized the inertifying mixture as he poured it over her ruined cauldron and grimaced in rueful realization that he’d never expected her to create a viable potion on the first try. “Well done,” Snape said, fixing her with a stare that was once again unfathomable. “Now, tell me what you did wrong.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The sunflower oil wasn’t strong enough to keep the fairy and pixie magic from reacting negatively,” Rigel said at once. After a moment’s thought, she added, “Maybe an entire layer of honey would have served better.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Potions Master made a noise of agreement. “Why did you add the pixie wings at all? The potion as it stood prior to the addition of sunflower oil would in all likelihood have at least approached the goal.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel shrugged. “I wanted something that would suppress the amygdala. That’s where anger and fear reside, and I think those can be a part of grief, too.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Interesting hypothesis,” Snape said. “You’ll write half a roll on that theory for next week.” She nodded, and tested the heat of the cauldron with her hand beside it. Deeming it safe to touch, she carried it to the sink.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That was fun,” she said, looking over her shoulder. Rigel had expected freebrewing to be exhilarating, and perhaps intellectually satisfying, but she hadn’t anticipated the sheer, untainted pleasure that came with creating something completely from scratch, with no recipe or rules to tell her what she should or shouldn’t do within the cauldron. “Is it always fun?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“When it isn’t terrifying,” Snape said drolly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She laughed. It was impossible to imagine the serious professor being afraid of anything, so she supposed he only meant to tease her about the near-disaster that was her first attempt at the art. Never mind failure, she thought. She would try again. Now that she knew what it felt like, bringing a brew to life with nothing but the impulses of her own mind, Rigel didn’t know how she could go back to relying solely on recipes. It would be like asking a bird to walk, after it had already learned to fly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Well</em>, she thought wryly, <em class="calibre5"> not fly, exactly. Glide, maybe.</em></p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel helped her professor consolidate the ingredients into crates to take back over to lab one, and she thought nothing could ruin her good mood. Then Snape said, “Has Lord Riddle discussed his intention to prepare you for the third task himself?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She growled audibly before she could stop herself. “I’ve no intention of humoring his attempts at mentorship. In case he doesn’t get the picture, tell him kindly that I <em class="calibre5"> have</em> a mentor-one who didn’t shove his magic under my skin like some kind of human mosquito.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape winced minutely, perhaps in response to her analogy, but more probably at the reminder of what Riddle had done to her with the help of his own machinations the year before. “Have you… made progress in isolating the injection?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel scowled at him from under her lashes, not sure how much she really ought to tell him. He was as beholden to Riddle as ever, after all. “I’ve been looking into it. Given enough time, I think I can separate it from my own magic, but I still don’t know what it was intended to <em class="calibre5"> do</em>. Do you know?” she added, daring him with her level gaze to lie to her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">His expression was grave. “I have only suspicions. Lord Riddle never forgot that day you eavesdropped on our conversation in the Malfoy gardens. He does not have the subtlety required of the mental arts to recognize mental shields at a distance, as I do. It is my suspicion, therefore, that at least part of his intention was to mark you in a way that only he would recognize.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It’s not supposed to work like that,” she said, frowning. “I’ve been reading about ritual transfer of magic, and the party who relinquishes a piece of his magic always loses touch with it as a consequence.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There was no ritual that day,” he reminded her. “No runes, no sacrifice. When you imbue magic into a potion, do you lose the ability to sense it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her eyes widened. “No,” she whispered. Then she shook her head. “But I can only sense the resonance when he touches me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It isn’t <em class="calibre5"> your</em> magic,” Snape said. “What you perceive may not be a reflection of its limitations.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her hands shook on a container of saffron and she stilled them with a desperate will. It was a terrifying thought, that she’d been wrong about how the magic he’d mixed with hers might be utilized. A fool she was to think Riddle would forget that her lack of aura allowed her to successfully eavesdrop on his private conversations more than once. She’d been so sure that he couldn’t possibly track her with the bit of his magic swimming in her veins… but maybe it was all just wishful thinking.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her Head of House caught her eye and said, with the air of someone stating the obvious, “If you refrain from attempting to hide from his immediate perception, it may not cause you additional difficulties.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It probably seemed simple to him. Snape had no idea as to her real concern. She’d thought avoiding any physical contact with Riddle would be tricky. This was much worse. How was she ever to be Harry Potter again, if Riddle could identify her as Rigel Black just by being in the same room? How was Archie to ever pretend to be Rigel in his presence? They <em class="calibre5"> couldn’t</em> until Riddle’s magic was isolated and purged. A nuance in Snape’s phrasing caught up to her and she looked sharply at his carefully blank expression. “What do you mean ‘may not’? You think there is something else it could do?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“If I am not wildly mistaken, Lord Riddle’s primary motive in offering his tutelage in the first place was to convince you to use your magic in ways he deems beneficial,” Snape said. His voice was so even as to be almost inflectionless, but she caught the hint of disapproval in the way he said ‘tutelage.’ He didn’t think much of Riddle’s teaching abilities either, then.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded easily. It had been obvious that Riddle wanted her to make the most of her powerful magic. “He wanted me to stop suppressing it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And he got what he wanted,” Snape reminded her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That was due to circumstances beyond anyone’s control,” Rigel said quickly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Don’t underestimate his hand in seemingly unrelated events.” Snape looked down at her with a frown. “Did your magic not become more aggressive, harder to suppress, and more prone to defying your express will in the immediate aftermath of Lord Riddle’s visitation?” Rigel blanched at the implication. Could that really have been his aim? To force her to deal with her magic by making it even more unruly than it had been? She began to shake her head slowly, wanting to deny Riddle any hand in what had occurred in the forbidden forest the previous spring. At her pained disbelief, her Head of House made an impatient noise. “Think, boy. The most obvious piece of evidence is one simple fact: Lord Riddle wanted you to confront your magic, and you did.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">A dark scowl crept over her face. “Sure I did. Only after it killed Pettigrew, though.” A hollow laugh escaped her. “If Riddle did have a hand in it, I guess the joke’s on him.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Snape’s hand came down on her shoulder and she snapped her eyes up to meet his storm-filled gaze. “You said the Dominion Jewel killed Pettigrew.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel dropped her gaze first. “Both are true. The Jewel mummified him, but I suspect my magic was well on its way to crushing him by the time that happened.” The words came out utterly detached, and all she felt was a distant resignation, a pity for circumstances that were no longer hers to alter.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her Head of House growled. “Even if that’s true, your magic was beyond your control at that moment.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Maybe it was, or maybe it was acting on some subconscious desire I was afraid to acknowledge.” She swallowed the bile that tried to rise at that admission. Steeling her stomach, she went on. “Even if I try to lay that at Riddle’s feet-even if I believe his magic inflamed the wild, indominatable aspects of my magic to the extent that it acted more aggressively than it otherwise would have-that still leaves me with a handful of Riddle’s magic and no idea what to do with it.” She shuddered. “I <em class="calibre5"> hate</em> that there’s a piece of him in me. It makes my skin crawl.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I understand,” Snape said slowly. “However, I do not believe that some miniscule amount of him could make you any more or less than you already were. Any claim you perceive his magic has placed on you is symbolic. He cannot own you unless you let him.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel’s smile was brittle. “He owns me this year.” She looked up at her professor with a determined expression. “It’ll be worth it, though, if it crushes his awful legislation. If I win, things will be better for non-purebloods in Britain.” She had to believe that.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel found fire in her heart as she prepared to face the final preliminary task. Dueling was an arena she felt fairly comfortable in, but she knew that very sense of security might be her downfall.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Too many people knew Harry Potter’s style of dueling. Even without Remus attending the third task, the chance that those who knew her in the alleys might catch the mirrored dissemination of the event was high. Rigel could not use any of Harry’s tricks to succeed in the upcoming duels. Her only recourse was to prioritize speed above finesse, and hope to outclass her opponents in sheer efficiency alone.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Room of Requirement obliged her needs, providing half a dozen panes of spell-reflecting glass that would throw anything she cast at them back in her face. Rigel trained with all of them, sometimes concentrating a flurry of spells on a single, shimmering pane, other times changing her target between every spell to test her footwork.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There were limits to the training. She could only practice countering spells she herself knew how to cast, so it would do nothing for the sort of tailored defense Dawlish was attempting to drill into their heads. Still, it was better than casting at a dummy that couldn’t hit back.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">By her third such session in the Come and Go Room, Rigel had ceased attempting to block any of the spells she cast. Instead, she moved the reflecting glass closer and closer, forcing her mind and muscles to react faster in order to avoid getting hit. There was something also dance-like about the exercise, and as her mind became clearer and her body lunged and twisted with increasing fluidity, she thought she finally understood what Remus had been trying to push her instincts toward all this time.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Such was the trance-like state her exercise inspired, Rigel didn’t hear the door to the Room opening behind her. She didn’t notice the footsteps that approached the circle of mirrors in which she spun, and she didn’t realize she was no longer alone until Draco’s voice called out, “What on earth are you doing, Rigel?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She whirled to face him, and the spell she’d already cast sucker-punched her in the shoulder. Rigel hissed at the sharp Stinging Hex and rubbed her hand over the flesh with a huff of annoyance. “Draco,” she said after the pain faded. “What are you doing here?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“There’s DA today,” he said, stepping between a gap in the suspended panes of glass and examining them curiously. “I came early to set up. Do these reflect anything you shoot at them?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“As long as it isn’t more powerful than the magic that went into creating them,” Rigel said absently. She felt an incomprehensible desire to wipe the sweat from her neck and brush back her hair, but she ignored it. The last thing she would ever do was primp for Draco Malfoy. A part of her wanted to collect her bag and just leave the room, but she was braver than that.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco turned away from the glass and silence stretched between them. Rigel didn’t know what to say, and her friend’s expression seemed suspended in some sort of cross between reluctance and regret. When she couldn’t stand it anymore, she said, “This is ridiculous.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">At the very same moment, Draco blurted, “I didn’t mean to.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She stared at him. Blinked. Finally cleared her throat and asked, “Didn’t mean to what?” She was pretty sure he had meant to kiss her. Unless someone had Imperiused him. That would be a pretty pathetic use for an Unforgivable Curse, though.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco blew out a frustrated breath. “I didn’t mean to make it weird between us. This is why I never… before.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her eyebrows rose against her will. He made it seem as though it hadn’t been a spur-of-the-moment impulse. “Has this been malingering?” she asked, almost afraid to know the answer.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He laughed, a short, hoarse sound that cut off as abruptly as it had begun. “It’s not an illness,” he said, shaking his head. “Rigel, I’ve been interested for a while, all right? That night… I’d been thinking about you all day, since you reacted so strongly to my teasing.” She winced, having already guessed that something about her embarrassment had triggered some underlying curiosity on his part. Draco wasn’t finished yet, though, “I was half asleep, and getting all this feedback from my empathy, and I let myself get carried away. I’m sorry, okay? I wish I hadn’t done it, with how it’s changed everything.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel sighed. Draco was dramatic, but she couldn’t deny that things had changed, somehow. The kiss was like a wrong number in an Alchemical equation. A small mistake that had cascading effects. His expression beseeched her for forgiveness, and Rigel couldn’t refuse her friend such a small thing. “I’m not upset, you know. I don’t like you taking my emotions for permission, but I understand how you might feel… misled by your ability. That said, do you understand why I don’t think this will work despite any feelings that may or may not exist? My life is complicated enough. Time is something I don’t have to devote to a relationship. And there are other things,” she added before he could speak. “You know about my… illness. Even if I returned your feelings, we would-<em class="calibre5"> could</em> never progress beyond what it was that night.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco’s face clouded. “I don’t need-”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Don’t be an idiot,” she said gently. At his scowl, she reached out to take his hand and pressed it between her own. “I know it’s hard to redirect emotions when they’ve already gained momentum. I’m asking you to, though. For both our sakes, Draco.” She took a deep breath and smiled wryly at him, even though it felt like a she’d swallowed a jar of snakes. “We would never work together. My goals preclude it. Really, though, that’s a <em class="calibre5"> good</em> thing. You’re going to end up with someone a lot less crazy than me. Someone communicative and honest. Someone whose priority is <em class="calibre5"> you</em>, Draco.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Her friend was visibly pained, but he swallowed the hurt and lifted his chin with a staidness that would probably do his father proud, had the man been present to see it. “You are crazy,” he said bluntly. “And incredibly uncommunicative, most days. I don’t pretend to understand all of your priorities, Rigel. Here’s what I do know, though: I’ve never met anyone with your intelligence, courage, patience, or tenacity. If you think you don’t shine brighter than everything and everyone around you, then you don’t see yourself clearly at all. After knowing you, everyone else seems smaller, with petty problems and bland personalities.” Rigel opened her mouth to protest, but Draco held up his free hand. “I’m not trying to argue with you. I can feel your determination from here, and I know better than to try to change your mind when it’s made up. I just want you to understand why it might take me a little while to do what you want.” He slipped his other hand from her grasp and shook his head ruefully. “No matter what you say, I don’t think there’s anyone in the world like you.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel blinked the moisture back from her eyes and whispered, mouth twisting, “I promise you wouldn’t want to fall in love with someone like me.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He grimaced, but didn’t contradict her. “Are we still friends, then? I’ve missed you, lately.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She summoned a small smile. “I’ll be your friend as long as I can, Dray. Even that much you might regret in the end. Just don’t ask me for more. This time, I really mean no.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco peered at her, a frown tugging at his brow. “Why do you feel so foreboding? Don’t scowl at me,” he added, “You know it’s a strain to turn off if you aren’t Occluding.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel rolled her eyes, but silently admitted that he was right. If she really didn’t want him to read her emotions, she had the ability to prevent it. “It’s nothing,” she said after a moment, smoothing her feelings away to a place he couldn’t see them. “Just an ominous feeling I have sometimes.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Perhaps he would have pressed her, if Pansy hadn’t walked in at that moment. As it was, they exchanged bracing smiles and left the circle of mirrors to greet her. As her friends discussed the plan for that evening’s DA meeting, Rigel thought at least some of the awkwardness between them had dissolved. Her heart felt lighter, and where there had been a ball of guilt and confusion in her gut there was now only a vague sense of soreness, like an infected boil that had finally been drained.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">That feeling, too, would fade, she thought, and soon it would be as though nothing had ever come between them. Whatever the poets said of the power of romantic affection, true friendship was something far beyond it.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Thursday Rigel skipped lunch in favor of going to the library. She’d finally cracked open the Auror’s Handbook that Dawlish had given her and found a long list of recommended spells, many of which she hadn’t heard of. At the end of the section on spell choice was a footnote recommending <em class="calibre5"> Deter, Delay, Deny: Nonlethal Spells for Every Enemy</em>, by Armando Dippet, and Rigel was curious to see whether Hogwarts stocked the book.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She found several copies in the Defense section, none of which looked terribly well-worn. She supposed when it was shelved next to <em class="calibre5"> Most Riveting Revenge Spells</em> and <em class="calibre5"> 1000 Hexes and Jinxes</em>, most people overlooked the more pacifist option. Rigel smiled as she tucked one of the copies under her arm, however. The less destructive magic she knew, the better, at least until the Vow no longer held her wand to the fire. She had no illusions about how the next task would be framed. There would be no third option this time, no wooly interpretation of winning that might give her leeway under the Vow. She could only win a duel or lose it, and losing would not be an option.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">On her way to Madam Pince’s desk, she spotted Hermione’s exuberant hair peeking over a table full of books. Rigel changed direction and peered curiously over the tall stacks. The girl was hunched over a scrap of paper and appeared to be doing furious long-hand calculations, muttering under her breath as number after number appeared in the wake of her quill.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What kind of arithmancy is that?” she asked, wincing as Hermione, startled by the unexpected question, slashed ink across her paper. “Sorry.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione blew out a breath and scattered sand over the streak of ink quickly. “Hi, Rigel. That’s all right. I’m just double-checking my calculations at this point. It’s not Arithmancy; it’s about the Fade.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel raised her eyebrows. “You have enough data to begin drawing conclusions?” She’d tried to convince as many of her schoolmates as she could to speak to Hermione, but she hadn’t honestly held out much hope that they would.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The brown-eyed girl nodded, gesturing for Rigel to sit beside her. Hermione pulled a sheet of paper from between two books in the stack before her and said, “This is everything totaled. I interviewed fifty-two students and cross-checked everything they said against at least one other person to verify they’d remembered correctly.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Fifty-two?” Rigel was stunned. She hadn’t known there were even fifty-two students in the whole school whose families had been affected by the Fade.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione smiled, and there was a hardness to it. “I realized quickly that people who’d directly witnessed the Fade weren’t keen to speak about it. Your friend Selwyn did answer my letter, as did your father. Miss Bulstrode approached me on her own, and Mr. MacMillan, but everyone else I asked directly declined to talk about it. So I started asking students who didn’t have anyone in their immediate family succumb to the illness. I suppose one thing in favor of the rampant bigotry in this society is that every pureblood knows a great many of the others.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel whistled. “So you asked people whether they knew of any families who had been affected, and if so to what extent. That’s brilliant.” Even about a topic as sensitive as the Fade, people rarely minded talking about other people’s problems. It troubled her that she hadn’t known Millicent’s family lost a child to the Fade, but she supposed it wouldn’t have come up in any casual conversation.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The Weasleys gave me the idea,” Hermione admitted. “They freely listed everyone they knew about, so that I’d know who to approach, and that made me realize that in a society this insular, everyone would know of someone, most often more than one. By having everyone list all the cases they’d heard about, and only using those confirmed by at least one other in my data, I’ve done a rudimentary statistical analysis of the phenomenon.” She ran her finger down each column on the sheet of parchment. “No one reported any cases of the disease in a child who had at least one muggle or muggleborn parent. Seventy percent of reported cases are from pureblood couples whose families have married only other purebloods for four generations or more. Of the remaining thirty percent, about half were cases where one of the parents’ family had only been ‘pure’ for three or fewer generations, and the other half were couples in which one of the parents was a halfblood. In both of the later cases, the other parent always came from a family with four or more generations of pureblood breeding.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She looked expectantly at Rigel, whose eyes were very wide. She swallowed, then said carefully, “You appear to have narrowed it down to a single constant. In every reported case, at least one parent came from a family that was four-or-more generations pure.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That’s what the numbers say,” Hermione confirmed. “I’ve been combing the most recent Book of Gold, and I’ve come up with a list of every family in Great Britain whose pedigree meets that criterion.” She reached into her bag and pulled out a roll of parchment. “This is all of them. Every family with a high risk of contracting the Fade.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“How high is the risk?” Rigel asked, almost afraid to look at the list. She was certain she’d see the names of most, if not all, of her housemates on it.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That’s where the numbers get tricky,” Hermione admitted. “The number of first-borns to succumb to the disease is very small. In those instances, both of the parents in question came from an extremely long line of purebloods. For the vast majority of cases, it strikes the second child born to the same parents. In instances where the couple separated or the second born was the result of an affair, cases of the Fade were much less likely, particularly if the child was born of a different witch.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That supports the theory that the mother’s magic may have more to do with the Fade than the father’s,” Rigel said.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione glared at her. “What theory is that?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Until now, I thought it was something wizards said to make themselves feel better. Like how they used to think the female determined the sex of the child, too.” Rigel shrugged apologetically. “The first instinct is always to blame the woman.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione huffed in amused agreement. “This time, they may have a point. It also gets more complicated if a couple continues to attempt to birth more children. There are a few cases, such as your father and uncle, where a couple had one healthy child, several Fade-stricken children or miscarriages, and then another healthy child. Lord Black indicated he suspected his mother of performing some sort of black ritual to ensure his younger brother’s survival. There’s no way to verify that, of course.” She tapped her quill on the table restlessly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And it would have to be a <em class="calibre5"> very</em> black ritual for other families to not even consider it as an alternative to losing a child,” Rigel pointed out. “Perhaps it was something known only to my grandmother. I’ll look through the Black Family library over the winter break.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was a brief, but acute look of envy on Hermione’s face at the mention of a family library. It passed after a moment, but Rigel wondered if Hermione ever wished she’d been born into an old magic family, if only for the sort of knowledge it afforded one. “I’ll be doing a little more research of my own over the break, as well,” Hermione said. “Healer Hurst has promised to let me look through the clinic’s records and add the data to my study.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The Lower Alley citizens don’t keep long records of their families the way people here do,” Rigel cautioned her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione nodded. “Still, more data doesn’t hurt. Especially more information on the exact medical progression of the disease. All this information helps us understand where the Fade is likely to present, but it doesn’t get us closer to curing it.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Doesn’t it?” Rigel blinked. “It seems to me that the Weasleys are the wisest of us all. If every family on this list made a concentrated effort to marry a muggleborn or halfblood this generation, the disease would be effectively eradicated for at least another four generations.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I don’t know if I’d go so far as to conclude that,” Hermione said carefully. “Weren’t you the one who said that most purebloods would only accept a cure that didn’t force them to compromise their beliefs?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel grimaced, but had to admit she was right. “It’s just maddening to know that, with a simple choice, no more children would have to die.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It seems simple to us because it doesn’t violate any beliefs we hold dear,” Hermione said. “There are some muggles who have a religious objection to vaccines, for instance.” At Rigel’s frown, she explained. “Vaccines are a way of immunizing people against diseases before they catch them. Some are created with animal cells or even human cells, and there are groups of people who object to having them administered. It presents a social health risk, and it’s always a tragedy when a child falls ill or dies from a preventable disease, but when someone believes something so strongly, almost nothing can change their mind.” Hermione’s eyes were alight, and in that moment she looked like a crusader of old, only her cross was something like the individual freedoms of all.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“So if we can’t convince them to change their ways, the only thing to do is to cure it,” Rigel concluded. She smiled ruefully. “No big deal, then.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione laughed. She opened her mouth to say something, but they were interrupted by a gruff voice from behind them.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Hermy-oin.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It was Krum, looming over them with an uncharacteristically uncertain expression on his face. He nodded briefly to Rigel, but his attention was drawn back to Hermione inexorably, and Rigel recognized the look in his eye with a jolt of surprise.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Hello, Victor,” Hermione said, her hands fluttering nervously before she clamped them firmly together before her stomach. “How are you today?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Very vell,” the older boy said softly. “I vanted to ask you a quvestion.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Oh, all right. I’m good at questions.” Hermione laughed a bit awkwardly, reached up to tuck an errant curl behind her ear, then seemed to remember her plan to keep her hands still and returned it to her lap abruptly. Her face reddened. “Go ahead.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Is there someone who vill be escorting you to the Yule Ball?” The Quidditch player’s dark eyes were fixed on Hermione’s face with cautious hope.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione coughed, as though the air in her lungs had decided to choke her of a sudden. “Ah, no. Not yet. I-” her eyes darted toward Rigel, an expression of both panic and guilt in her eyes. “-no.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Krum glanced suspiciously at Rigel, who blinked at him blankly before realizing he expected her to challenge him for Hermione’s hand. She grimaced and turned pointedly away to stare unseeing at a nearby bookshelf. Once she had, she heard Krum said, “Then vill you do me the honor, Herminon?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione’s voice was somewhat unsteady as she said, “It would be my pleasure. Thank you very much for asking, Victor.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">From the corner of her eye, Rigel saw Krum bow gallantly over one of Hermione’s hands before smiling widely. “The pleasure vill be mine.” He left the library, and Rigel turned back to Hermione with a feeling of cold foreboding in her stomach. How was she going to explain this to Archie?</p>

    <p class="calibre55">As she watched Hermione’s expressed descend from embarrassed, disbelieving pleasure to utter misery, thoughts of Archie receded and all Rigel could think of was how to stop the girl in front of her from dissolving into tears.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What’s wrong, Hermione? Don’t you like Krum?” she asked carefully.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione’s breath hitched and her lower lip trembled. Rather than cry, the girl closed her eyes tight and counted to three under her breath. When she opened them again, her gaze was wretched, but clear. “I don’t know. He’s very… well. There’s something alluring there. It’s what I always thought I would feel, when…” She shook her head and gripped her hair, her shoulders slumping in despair. “I <em class="calibre5"> want to</em>, you know. I want to want Harry.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel froze, utterly sure that she had no more idea how to navigate this particular conversation than she had the last time. Hermione didn’t appear to need her input, however, as she continued.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Harry was my first friend. S-<em class="calibre5"> he</em> understands me better than anyone. Harry is so much more than I ever thought one person could be. More outgoing, more earnest, fun, kind, protective, <em class="calibre5"> smart!</em> ” Hermione let out a watery laugh. “God, but Harry is so smart. Perfect. Almost. But without physical attraction, it’s just friendship, isn’t it? Not romance?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">After a moment Rigel realized she was expected to respond. She shrugged helplessly. “I don’t know anything about romance. Really, I’m the worst person to ask.” Hermione’s heartbreakingly torn expression ate away at her reluctance to get involved, and she added, “If you really want my opinion, I think… be with who makes you happy. Whoever makes you feel whole. And maybe you don’t know who that is yet. And that’s okay, too.” Rigel thought no one should have to decide about forever when they were fifteen.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione considered her words with a solemn expression. “I do like Victor. Maybe it’s just hormones, but I won’t know unless I try, will I?” Something firmed in her eyes and she nodded slowly to herself. “It’ll be an experiment, then. If I can puzzle through how I feel with different people, then maybe I’ll figure out what it is I really need. Thanks, Rigel.” She began to pack up her notes, and Rigel realized the lunch period was probably almost over. Rigel picked up her book, and was about to leave when Hermione added, “Who will you take to the ball, then?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel frowned. “What ball?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione stared at her. “The one Victor just asked me to. The Yule Ball.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I assumed that was… some kind of Durmstrang thing?” The statement came out as a question as Hermione’s expression turned exasperated. “I’m starting to feel as though there’s a mailing list I’ve been left off of.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“The Yule Ball is scheduled the night after the third task,” Hermione told her. “It’s to celebrate the three blood champions and the halfway point for the tournament. Do you really not know about it? McGonagall told me weeks ago.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She groaned. “Snape probably cares less than I do. Is it mandatory?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione laughed. “The champions are to open the dancing, so I would say so.” Rigel scowled in displeasure, but the scowl fell into a blank expression as Hermione added, “Will… Harry come?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel had the sudden realization that rampaging hippogriffs wouldn’t be able to keep her cousin away. All she said was, “We are engaged, so it would be proper. Did Harry tell you about that?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione made a noise of affirmation. “Harry said it was arranged but not serious.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“That’s right,” Rigel confirmed quickly. “There’s never been that sort of attachment between us. Harry’s more like my sibling than anything. The engagement was drawn up as soon as we found out about the S.O.W.‘s marriage law, just in case.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“For protection,” Hermione said, eyes wide. “I see. That’s quite a sacrifice for you, isn’t it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“No more than it is for Harry.” Rigel shrugged. “Anyway, it’s not forever. Only until we’re seventeen, as long as the legislation is killed once and for all before then.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Do you think it will be?” Hermione asked, eyes penetrating.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I aim to see it so.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55"/>

    <hr class="calibre59"/>

    <p class="calibre55">Between freebrewing with Snape, training her reflexes in the Room of Requirement, and wrapping up a number of other projects in preparation for the end of term, the remaining week before the third task passed all too quickly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Before she felt fully resigned to it, Rigel found herself walking down to the pitch through the early morning fog, frost crunching beneath her trusty boots. In addition to her Hogwarts jersey and loose breeches, she wore an underlayer of warm silk that she hoped would prevent her muscles seizing in the freezing air.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">A part of her wished she was back in the alleys, that this was just another day spent in the courtyard of the Dancing Phoenix with her friends, but she willed those thoughts away firmly. She had to distance herself from that person. Harry-the-alley-free-dueler couldn’t be anywhere near the tournament stage that day.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco and Pansy walked on either side of her, silently supportive, and in the distance, she could see the stands already filling up with spectators. “Are your parents coming to watch today?” she asked them, more for something to break the tense atmosphere than anything.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Of course!” Draco looked offended that she would even ask. “They wouldn’t miss it. Or did you forget again that you’re family?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel smiled, but said, “I asked my family not to come to this one, actually. It’s too much pressure with them watching.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco frowned. “Since when does pressure get to you?” After a moment’s shrewd contemplation, he said, “You just don’t like people fussing over you. Well, I’ll tell Mother and Father not to overwhelm you, but what else can you expect when you risk your life and limb in front of all and sundry?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It wasn’t Rigel’s choice, exactly,” Pansy said, defensive on her behalf.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I don’t mind your parents’ version of fussing,” Rigel said, a small laugh escaping her. “Sirius would wrap me in a bubble charm if he could.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Rigel!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">They all three turned to see Zhou hurrying down from the castle behind them. Draco made an annoyed noise under his breath, but didn’t stop Rigel from waiting for the girl to catch up to them.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Hi, Zhou,” she said.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Hi.” The girl panted a bit, but caught her breath enough to say, “I just wanted to wish you luck today. Ravenclaw is supporting you, no matter what happens.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Thank you,” Rigel said, genuinely touched. Never had she imagined the school could rally around her like it had. She’d expected so much more resentment for being chosen over older, better-liked students like Cedric Diggory. “I’ll do my best to represent Hogwarts proudly.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’m sure you will.” Zhou’s voice was still a little breathless, and her eyes darted between Rigel, Draco, and Pansy nervously before she blurted, “Do you have a date to the ball?” Rigel’s lips parted, but nothing came out for a long moment. Zhou turned red, disappointment creeping into her eyes. “I mean, you probably do. I just thought I’d… ask. In case you didn’t.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel summoned a smile despite the awkwardness she felt internally. Zhou was only trying to be nice, after all. If she hadn’t had anyone to go with, she’d have been grateful to accept the girl’s offer. “It’s very kind of you to think of me,” she said warmly. “Since I’m engaged to Heiress Potter, though, I’ll be escorting her.” She’d already discussed it with Archie, and he was prepared to play ‘Harry’ for the evening. Rigel thought some crazy part of her cousin was actually looking forward to it, from the mischievous gleam that had entered his eyes as they discussed the possibility. It worried her a little, but in light of the portion of Riddle’s magic that Dom had yet to filter from her core, they had no other choice.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Zhou murmured something understanding and fled quickly toward the Quidditch pitch. Rigel peered after her with a somewhat puzzled expression and heard Draco snort from beside her. She slid a glance toward him. “What?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You really are the worst,” he muttered. There was more amusement in his voice than censure, though.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What’s that supposed to mean?” she asked, unsure what she was supposed to be apologizing for.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Ignore him, Rye,” Pansy said, looping her arm through Rigel’s. “Focus on the task.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel didn’t miss the look Pansy shot Draco behind her back, but she didn’t know what to make of it, so she did as her friend suggested and bent her attention to the upcoming ordeal.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">They’d all been officially informed of the nature of the third task three days before. Rigel wasn’t sure what advantage Riddle thought an extra week and a half to prepare was supposed to have bought her, but she suspected he merely wanted her to feel beholden to him. That was his game, after all. Make people trust him by bestowing small favors on them, then take advantage of the impulse toward reciprocity. Rigel refused to be fooled. She also refused to feel guilty about any supposed advantage his words tried to bestow on her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Draco was muttering last-minute strategy in her ear, and she humored him by listening, but she knew general strategy would be secondary to direct observation. The first match she would be going in blind, but every subsequent match she would have some notion of her opponent’s style, simply by watching the others fight.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She left Draco and Pansy at the stairs to the stands and made her way to the center of the pitch alone. A large, perfectly circular platform had been raised there, not as high as the obstacle course had been, but elevated enough to give a better view to the spectators above them. The other champions waited in a loose circle in the shadow of the stage, and when Rigel joined them, Crouch cleared his throat.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Now that we are all present, the task will proceed as follows: Granger and Sousa will duel first, followed by Krum and Zahi, Delacour and Antiope, and finally Shang and Black.” Crouch raised his voice to cut across the murmurs. “Owens, being in the lead currently, will get a by the first round. The tournament is elimination style until the final round, so second round matches will be directly determined by the results of round one.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Bagman cut in with a broad smile. “That is to say, the winner of the first match will face the winner of the second match, and so on. Someone else will get a by in the second round, of course, but that will be determined at random.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> Sure it would,</em> Rigel thought cynically. She didn’t miss the fact that both muggleborns who hadn’t been given a by in the first round were on the same side of the bracket. At best, it meant only one of them would make it to the final round.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione’s face was set with determination, but Rigel wondered how much time the girl had really been devoting to preparing for the tournament on top of her investigation into the Fade. She couldn’t fault the girl’s priorities, but she worried for her safety. The Triwizard Tournament was, she thought, not a place for good people.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione and Matheus climbed the steps up to the platform as the crowd began to thunderously communicate its approval. Crouch and Bagman directed the rest of them toward the edge of the pitch, where a staircase led them to their own private box from which they could view the duels.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">After just a few short minutes, Bagman’s amplified voice counted down the moments to the beginning of the duel. Hermione’s stance was almost textbook, but she leaned slightly away from her opponent rather than toward him. <em class="calibre5"> Lack of aggression</em>, Rigel thought. While initiative wasn’t everything in a duel, it was harder to control the pace when you began on the defensive.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“-TWO, ONE, BEGIN!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione had a shield up before the echo of Bagman’s voice had faded from the stadium, but Matheus merely stared at her, not moving, from across the ring. He spun his wand in idly, and faint laughter came down from the stands. The AIM girl scowled, clearly torn between keeping her shield up just in case and dropping it so that the magic didn’t drain her unnecessarily. It was smart of Matheus to use her indecision against her. As long as she kept the shield up, she’d wear away at her own endurance.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Finally, with an impatient flick, Hermione dropped the shield and sent a wordless disarming spell at Matheus. The Brazilian boy was all the way on the other side of the ring, and had plenty of time to dodge the spell. She sent another, then two more in quick succession, but Matheus side-stepped them all without bothering to shield.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Get closer,” Rigel muttered. Hermione was only going to wear herself out at that distance.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The girl seemed to realize Matheus could dodge faster than she could cast, for she broke off the point-spell offense and instead lifted her hands into the air dramatically. A dozen small boulders materialized in the space above her head, and a sharp jap with her wand sent them hailing down toward Matheus. The spectators cheered at seeing such an advanced conjuration, and Rigel clapped along with them. It was smart; using an attack that covered such a wide area precluded physical avoidance.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The dark-haired boy finally lifted his wand and it bobbed in the air like a conductor’s baton for a moment before a shimmering barrier of a type Rigel had never seen before appeared between him and the falling rocks. It didn’t shield him so much as it spun the incoming projectiles off course and deflected them away. It was as though he’d created a localized twister out of the air before him.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">A few of the rocks shot sideways and came to rest at the edge of the wards surrounding the stage. The rest fell somewhere between the two duelists. Hermione set about transfiguring the rock closest to her, and Rigel’s eyebrows rose. To transfigure something you’d already conjured was a <em class="calibre5"> very</em> advanced application of magic. A cloud of smoke momentarily obscured the girl, and when it cleared, they could see the rock had burst into a dozen shards. Hermione banished them with an audible cry. They rocketed toward Matheus, and for a moment it seemed the fast-moving pieces would cut through the wind barrier. At the last moment, they were turned aside.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione stood at the ready position, but didn’t cast another spell. A moment later, Matheus flinched violently and his barrier dissolved as he ducked his head and waved his arms wildly against something Rigel couldn’t see. Hermione had a spell off the moment the boy dropped his barrier in distraction, and abruptly, it was over. Matheus caught the disarming spell in the back and crumpled.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“I’M NOT SURE WHAT WE JUST SAW, BUT HERMIONE GRANGER HAS WON THE FIRST DUEL!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The stadium erupted, and Rigel breathed a sigh of relief that Hermione had made it through the first round unscathed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“What waz zat?” Fleur demanded, glaring down at the pitch as though the duel had personally offended her. “I could not zee what happened.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil laughed. “It was clever! Did you see the smoke when Hermione transfigured that rock? It was a screen. I felt two spells, not one. The invisible thing that attacked Matheus must have come from that moment.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“She surprised him ven he let his guard down,” Krum said. There was a pleased note in his voice.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope scoffed. “It was still a boring duel. I hope you two provide us some more entertainment,” she added, giving Krum and Tahiil a mocking look.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil was utterly unfazed. “We will certainly do our best, Antiope. Will you cheer for me?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The redhead sneered at him. “Not a chance. I want to face Krum in the finals.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Fleur tossed her hair with a huff. “Getting ahead of yourzelf, are you not?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope’s only response was a confident smirk. “This task was made for me. You’re all using just your wands, but I petitioned the judges to be allowed use of my sword.” Several of the others protested, but Antiope only laughed. “It’s only right that I be able to show my skills to their best advantage. If any of you had trained with a weapon, you could have used it just the same.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Freedueling iz dizgraceful,” Fleur said. The fierce disgust in her voice didn’t wholly disguise the trepidation in her eyes, though.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It is the noblest of all arts,” Antiope spat. “Only countries who have forgotten how to do it think it’s beneath them. Luckily, this is an <em class="calibre5"> international</em> tournament, so your close-minded rules don’t apply. I’ll prove to everyone watching today that steel is vital to true combat.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The appearance of Hermione at the top of the stairs forestalled the argument. Rigel went over to congratulate her, with Krum right on her heels. Hermione gave them a weak smile. “It wasn’t great,” she murmured. “I didn’t realize what it would be like, dueling for real.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You ver vonderful,” Krum rumbled. “Very advanced magic.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Matheus wasn’t even trying,” Hemione said with a sigh. “Thanks, though. Good luck in your match, Victor.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He took her hand and kissed it despite the sweat and dirt. “If you are vatching, I vill vin.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The frustration melted from the girl’s face and she nodded. “I’ll cheer you on.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Krum and Tahiil left the box, and Hermione’s face hardened again. “Be honest, Rigel. How did I do?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You were a little timid,” Rigel said kindly. “You hung back on your side of the ring without moving closer. If you’d been casting from halfway across, for instance, he wouldn’t have had time to dodge your spells.” Hermione winced, but nodded. Rigel went on. “Your quick-thinking was impressive, though. That sort of creativity can’t be taught. I’m sure the judges were impressed with your conjuring and transfiguration. Can I ask what spell you got Matheus with in the end?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Avis,” she said, smiling sheepishly. “I just conjured them invisibly and sent them around the barrier to dive at him from behind.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Brilliant,” Rigel said, smiling back. “Not many people can alter a spell before casting it. Harry would be so impressed.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione flushed. “I’ll wait to feel pleased with myself until we see how the next round goes.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Just don’t be afraid to move around, really use the whole platform,” Rigel said. “The barriers won’t let you fall off the edge.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione nodded. “The next duel is starting,” she said, and they both moved to the edge of the box with the other champions to watch.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil still had his irrepressible smile on his face, while Krum, whose dueling stance was slightly lower than Rigel would have expected for a boy with his height, was the picture of solemn concentration. At Bagman’s word, the two boys sprang into action. Krum darted forward, aiming two spells in swift succession to either side of Tahiil. Trying to pin him in place, Rigel guessed. Tahiil batted at the air with one of his hands, however, and the spell that would have impacted to his left met an invisible force and reflected. As Tahiil moved left, Krum was forced to roll under his own spell. By the time he stood, Tahiil was behind him.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Krum cast a shield at his back without looking, and as Tahiil’s first spell fizzled harmlessly against it he spun, catching the dark-skinned boy with a Flipendo that hurled Tahiil into the air and deposited him clear across the stage.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil held up a hand toward his opponent as he climbed slowly to his feet, and every spell Krum shot at him rebounded from the invisible defense. With his free hand, Tahiil began casting. It was eerie to watch spells appear from the end of a person’s fingertips, Rigel noted. Stranger still to watch the boy cast wandlessly over and over again, a feat that would exhaust most wand users she knew before long. Tahiil was still smiling, though his eyes held a wary respect for Krum that had been absent before.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Krum grew tired of avoiding both his own spells and Tahiil’s. The broad-shouldered Bulgarian stopped casting point spells and instead aimed his wand at the stage. A torrent of water burst from his wand like a flood, catching Tahiil up to the knees and forcing him to stop casting and brace against the hard current to avoid being swept off his feet. Krum was all the time chanting something, and beginning from his side of the platform the water, trapped by the wards at the edge of the stage, began to freeze.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil clambered onto one of Hermione’s boulders to keep from getting stuck in the ice. By the time he’d reached the higher ground, Krum had conjured skates on the bottom of his boots and was gliding across the arena as though he’d been born doing it. He closed the distance between them in moments, and none of Tahiil’s spells could hit him and he pivoted and slid back and forth on the frozen platform.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He changed the terrain to suit him,” Hermione said wonderingly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel agreed. “He’s too fast on those skates for Tahiil to hit him now.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The Somali boy seemed to have realized the same thing. He lowered his hands, seemed to shudder violently for an instant, and then he was folding in on himself, transforming, Rigel realized. Her mouth fell open without her consent as Tahiil, now a spotted hyena, leapt from the rock and knocked Krum from his feet. The crowd went mad, shock and awe giving way to wild excitement as it became clear just what Tahiil was truly capable of.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Both boy and hyena rolled across the ice, and the hyena was the first to rise. The animagus gave a “woo-op” call and used its clawed feet to restlessly pace the ice until Krum, one hand gingerly poking the back of his skull, regained his feet. Krum eyed the animal warily, slowly circling on his skates. He cast a stunner at the hyena, but the large canine nimbly avoided it, something like a laugh escaping the powerful jaws.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Tahiil made a small bound toward Krum, then away again, feinting left, then right as Krum tried to decide which way to go. More laughing followed, and Rigel could see Krum’s frustration even from her vantage point. The Bulgarian’s wand flurried into motion and a thick net sprung out toward the animagus. Tahiil came back on his hind legs and batted it out of the air, coming down on top of the net and using the extra purchase on the ice to leap forward. Krum conjured a physical shield, but the force of the hyena’s weight bore him backwards onto the ice anyway. As his head hit the ice a second time, the shield failed and Tahiil’s jaw clamped around Krum’s wand arm. He twitched his head the barest amount, and Krum’s wand fell from limp fingers, spinning across the ice.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel thought Krum would surrender. Tahiil must have expected it, too, as the animagus released Krum’s arm and “woo-op”-ed loudly into the sky. As the hyena’s head came back down, Krum punched him in the snout. A sickening yelp rang out and Tahiil scrambled back, but Krum found the strength to follow him. The Bulgarian tackled the hyena, wrapped thick arms around Tahiil’s neck, and summoned his wand. When the tip of his wand pressed into the animagus’ fur, Tahiil froze, then slowly shifted back to human form.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Krum didn’t let up. He gripped Tahiil by the jaw and exposed his throat for all to see the wand-point digging into the vulnerable skin there. Stunned applause filled the pitch as Bagman said, “THERE YOU HAVE IT! VICTOR KRUM CLAIMS THE SECOND MATCH!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The boys separated at once, Krum going so far as to help Tahiil to his feet on the slippery ice. Impossibly, the slighter boy still had a grin on his face. Healers took charge of both of them as they left the wards, and a small break was called as tournament organizers were sent to clean up the stage for the next match.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel exchanged a look with Hermione. “Krum did well,” she said.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He never gave up,” Hermione agreed, respect in her eyes. “Tahiil, though… do you think he went easy on Victor?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel’s eyebrows rose. “He used his animagus form. I don’t think he was holding back.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione seemed unconvinced. “I read somewhere that hyenas have stronger jaws than a bear. If Tahiil wanted to, he could have ripped Victor’s arm clean off.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“He wouldn’t do that, though,” Rigel said reassuringly. “These are exhibition matches, Hermione, not fights to the death. No one should be aiming to maim or kill. Tahiil did his best within reasonable limits. That’s all any of us should do.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She didn’t know if she was trying to convince Hermione or herself of that.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">By the time the third match was ready to start, Krum had been released from the healers’ care and rejoined them in the champions’ box. Hermione congratulated him for his win, but Krum did not seem wholly satisfied with it. “I am not sure he vanted to vin,” the older boy muttered when pressed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel couldn’t speak to Tahiil’s motivations, but she didn’t think lack of heart would be an issue in the next match. Fleur and Antiope stared each other down like mortal enemies, for all that they’d only known one another a couple of months. Antiope did indeed have her sword, an impressively sturdy weapon that she hefted one-handed in her left hand, her wand clutched tightly in her right. Fleur appeared undaunted, though Rigel suspected that was mostly out of pride. The girl’s distain for weaponed combat indicated she had no familiarity with it, and Rigel knew from personal experience what a jarring difference it could make in a duel.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Who do you think will win?” Hermione asked from beside her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel felt bad saying it, but there was no point in dishonesty. “Antiope. If she’s half as good with that sword as she thinks she is, it’ll mess up everything Fleur’s been trained to.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Why is freedueling banned in Britain, anyway?” Hermione asked curiously. She lowered her voice and added, “I’ve heard Healer Hurst mention it once or twice-a lot of the injuries we see at the clinic are from such illicit duels.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded. “Part of it is because it causes so many injures. The added element of complexity that comes when you introduce weapons, potions, and other forms of magic into a duel can exponentially increase the probability of lethal harm, even when both participants know what they’re doing.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“And the other part?” Hermione asked shrewdly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Old fashioned prejudice,” Rigel said with a faint smile. “Wizards like to think they’re too good to use anything ‘muggle’ in their traditions. Relying on something other than one’s own magic is, for some, the sign of a weak wizard. Magic is Might, and all that.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione groaned. “That phrase alone makes me want to take up a sword myself.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Maybe Antiope will teach you,” Rigel said with amusement.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Maybe I’ll get the king to teach me,” Hermione said, laughing quietly.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel froze, then immediately tried to disguise her alarm with a casual tone. “King?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione shot her a guilty glance. “Never mind. I think… maybe it’s something I’m not supposed to mention.” She sighed. “I don’t understand everything about the lower alleys yet.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Have you asked Harry?” she asked.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Whatever Hermione might have said, it was lost in the roar of the stands as the third match began.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope charged. Fleur began casting, probably as fast as she could, but Antiope darted around every spell without ceasing her relentless advance. The fact that she wasn’t blocking the spells outright with her sword made Rigel think it probably wasn’t imbued with the same ability to absorb magic that Goldflame’s had been. By the time Fleur realized Antiope wasn’t going to be stopped, the redhead was upon her. She slashed viciously through the air and the beautiful blonde girl barely managed to leap out of the way in time.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Fleur retreated, shielding against the next several attacks as she steadily backed her way to one end of the platform. With a scowl of frustration, Fleur conjured a thick, earthen wall between her and her opponent. Antiope made to go around it, but Fleur cast a Bombarda at her own transfiguration and it exploded outward, burying Antiope in dirt.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">As the redhead struggled out of the debris, Fleur took the time to conjure a shield of pure magic and affix it to her left arm. By the time Antiope had regained her feet, Fleur was ready. She met Antiope’s next strike with her shield, but Rigel could see the way the impact reverberated through the part-Veela’s slim frame. Antiope rained blows down on the girl again and again, and Rigel had to wonder if the freckled warrior was just toying with the Frenchwoman. Antiope hadn’t cast a single spell yet, using only her sword to batter at Fleur’s defenses over and over. She certainly was out to prove something.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The physical blows visibly tired Fleur, who had taken to hiding behind the shield as often as she attempted to cast. Antiope had uncanny reflexes, and a way of sliding out of the way of spells even when they were fired almost point-blank. The Beauxbatons champion couldn’t get space to breathe, let along come up with a viable strategy in the face of Antiope’s relentless pursuit.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Really, it wasn’t too surprising when Antiope gripped her sword in both hands and finally brought it down with enough force to break through the conjured shield and bite into Fleur’s biceps. The silvery-blonde girl fell to her knees, cradling her bleeding arm, and Antiope moved her sword to the place above Fleur’s heart. The French girl glared up at Antiope from her defeated position, but Antiope merely shook her head, waiting until Bagman had officially declared her the victor before lowering her weapon.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“She didn’t cast a single spell,” Hermione said, clearly marveled.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Her style gave her an overwhelming advantage against a dueler like Fleur,” Rigel said ruefully.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It seems as though her advantage would be the same against any of us.” Hermione appeared troubled. “I hope I don’t face her in the second round.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel hummed, but didn’t say anything. She sort of hoped Hermione didn’t face her, too, but she didn’t want to undermine the girl’s confidence. She glanced across the box at Feiyan, who gave her a small smile.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Now is our turn,” the Asian girl said. She was dressed warmly, in a long tunic and thick leggings, and her long, black hair had been pulled back from her face in a bun.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel nodded. “Shall we?” She followed the slightly shorter girl down the spiral stairs and onto the grassy pitch. The stage loomed large and intimidating ahead of them, but Rigel felt more anticipation than fear as she climbed the stairs to the top. Dark forests and obstacle courses were not really her forte. This, though? The look of determination in her opponent’s eyes, the feel of her wand gripped securely in her fist, the sturdy, even platform beneath her feet-this she knew.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Feiyan’s stance was wide, almost dramatically so. Rigel favored a loser, partial-crouch that kept her centered without sacrificing maneuverability. When Bagman called for them to start, it was a long moment before either girl actually moved. Rigel darted right, and watched as Feiyan matched her with sweeping footwork that explained her wide stance. A tripping jinx bloomed effortlessly from her wand and she carefully watched as Feiyan turned around it. There was something lovely about the economy of movement the dark-haired girl displayed, as though she were merely following a pattern long committed to memory.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel wanted to know what that pattern was. She teased Feiyan’s defenses, casting first to the girl’s left, then to her right, then high and low, sizing up the nature of her response to each spell. Most of the time, Feiyan opted to dance around it rather than block it. Rigel moved closer, her spells coming faster, and Feiyan’s footwork sped up in response. The girl was well-trained.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">When Feiyan’s first spell came, it was not one Rigel had ever heard before. A cloud formed between them and ice particles that had seemingly condensed within it shot out at Rigel. She summoned magic to heat the air around her, and when the attack finally reached her it was but the sting of fast raindrops. She sent an Incarcerous toward Feiyan, but the girl turned away from the spell even as she cast another, unrecognizable spell toward Rigel’s feet.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The solid platform beneath her turned to mud, and Rigel promptly sank three inches. She conjured a Fortis shield to protect her as she pulled her boots free with a squelch and froze the mud directly below her feet with a spell from her free hand. Feiyan shot several fireballs her direction, but the Fortis repelled them easily. When Rigel dropped the shield to prepare her next spell, the Chinese girl turned to the air once more, calling up a torrent of rain over Rigel’s head with a swirl of her wand. Rigel’s clothes were instantly soaked through, and she realized the other girl was playing the long game. In the frigid December temperature, the rain clung to Rigel’s bones and forced her to consciously ignore the impulse to shiver and slow. The rain also made the mud on her half of the platform much more slippery.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The rain didn’t stop her from sending two Relashios in quick succession, however. Feiyan’s footwork saved her from both spells, but Rigel had the time she needed to leap over the remaining mud and shorten the distance between them. She pressed forward with spell after spell, forcing Feiyan onto the defensive while she closed the gap. When she was close enough to see the consternation in Feiyan’s eyes, Rigel tried a trip jinx again. The other girl did stumble, but not before hissing, “Feng!” at her with a sharp jab of her wand. A gust of wind lifted Rigel off her feet and knocked the breath from her lungs as it deposited her back the short distance she’d just gained.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> So ‘Feng’ means Ventus</em>, she noted sourly as she rolled with the fall through the waiting mud and came up on the defensive. Feiyan had already cast her next attack-fire again, this time a litany of small, burning hail that forced Rigel to call up another shield. With her free hand, Rigel reached beneath her to etch a basic state-change rune into the muck. The water evaporated from it instantly, leaving a layer of dry dirt behind instead.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel gripped a handful of the dirt and, when the fireballs had stopped, dropped her shield. She flung the dust into the air, banishing it in a rocketing cloud toward Feiyan with careful control. It caught her in the face, and the girl spluttered and coughed, eventually choking out the wind spell again to disperse it. By the time the cloud was gone, Rigel was halfway across the platform again, an Impedimenta on the tip of her wand.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Feiyan swirled around the spell with one of her curious, sweeping half-turns, and Rigel heard her say, “Feng!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She was ready this time. Rigel flung a Ventus with as much force as she could muster in the space of a second. It met Feiyan’s wind spell head on and overpowered it, knocking the pale girl off her feet with an audible “Oooff.” Feiyan was so close to the edge of the platform, Rigel’s spell slammed her into the wards and she slumped to the floor with a groan.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel summoned the girl’s wand, and found herself almost disappointed with how quickly the match had gone. Then she shook her head at her own foolishness. She should be grateful to not have tired herself out in the first match. Cheers rained down on her from the stands, and Rigel summoned a smile as she helped Feiyan to her feet and handed her back the wand she’d taken.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“You all right?” she asked.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Feiyan nodded, shooting Rigel a rueful look. “I am well. Only shamed.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“It was a good match,” Rigel said.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The girl shook her head, but did not seem overly disappointed. “After task number two, there was small chance I advance. Now, at least, I can go home.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel made a noncommittal noise and they exited the platform as Bagman announced a short break while the second-round matches were decided. She was shivering with the drenching she’d had, but otherwise uninjured, so the healers let her go back up to the champions’ box after a very thorough drying spell, a heated blanket wrapped around her shoulders.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“ROUND TWO WILL BEGIN WITH OWENS VERSUS GRANGER!” Bagman informed them all. “BLACK AND ANTIOPE WILL DUEL SECOND, AND KRUM RECEIVES A BY!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel wondered whether that decision was based on Krum having incurred the most severe injuries during the first round. She supposed it wouldn’t be the worst way to decide, though it didn’t escape her that the muggleborn candidates were exclusively matched against one another.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione seemed, if anything, more nervous in the face of her second match than she had been before the first. Rigel thought the girl hadn’t known quite what to expect the first time. She wished the AIM girl luck, but Hermione only grimaced at her before descending the stairs once more.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It was clear from the start that Owens had a great deal of training. The American boy took the initiative at once, with a handful of not-particularly-dangerous spells that nevertheless came one after the other fast enough to keep Hermione on the defensive. The girl was being herded slowly toward the end of the platform, and Rigel doubted she even realized how many steps back she’d taken until her back came up against the wards.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Hermione took a Tarantallegra without shielding in favor of getting time to cast a spell of her own. The ground beneath Owens’ feet heaved, throwing the boy off his feet. Hermione cast a quick Finite on her jerking legs and dove around the boy’s next spell, which boiled through the air where she’d just been. When Owens regained his feet, Hermione had switched their places and clearly hoped to box him against the wards instead. Owens blocked each one of her spells with split-second shields that he called up and released in the space between instants.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel had never seen someone shield so fast before. The flickering technique probably saved him a lot of magic in the long run, she thought, but it had to take exemplary concentration and reflexes to get the shield up just in time to meet each of the spells Hermione hurled at him. Certainly, the strategy was having an impact on the girl’s morale. Rigel hoped she found a way around Owens’ defenses before frustration drove her to something desperate.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Finally, Hermione cast a spell that Owens couldn’t shield against: conjuration, again, this time two small dogs that raced toward her opponent with lolling tongues. They closed on Owens from two different directions, but the boy swept his wand out with a vicious slash and something like a slicing charm swept out around him in a horizontal arc. It cut right through the conjured animals, severing their bloodless heads, and Hermione froze in momentary shock before stumbling backwards to avoid the tail end of the cutting spell as it dissipated.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Owens didn’t give her a chance to regain her equilibrium. He began to cast again, almost lazily at first, and then faster and faster, battering Hermione’s shield such that she couldn’t risk dropping it to retaliate. His spells were not so innocuous any longer; Reductos and Bombardas replaced jinxes meant to slow or impede. Hermione lost ground, and, eventually, her shield slipped.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She jumped backwards as it failed, but couldn’t escape the full range of a Confringo that exploded at her feet. Hermione was propelled across the platform, and the limp way she rolled to a stop told Rigel the girl was no longer in full control of her faculties. There was a sickening silence as Owens walked closer to where Hermione lay, gasping weakly. The girl attempted to raise her wand, but it shook in her fingers. The American boy paused, and Rigel thought he would disarm her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">He didn’t. The spell that came out of his wand was Flipendo, and it impacted Hermione’s chest point-blank with a sickening crunch. Rigel let out an involuntary sound as Hermione’s body was flung backwards so hard she hit the wards with a second crunch and crumpled unmoving to the stone stage. The stadium erupted at the sudden violence, and Bagman hastily declared, “THE MATCH IS OVER! OWENS ADVANCES!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Owens left the platform without looking back. Healers descended on Hermione’s supine form, and Rigel waited in the grip of fear for her to move. Please, Merlin, let her <em class="calibre5"> move</em>. A hand on Rigel’s shoulder jerked her back from where she’d leaned dangerously over the railing and she inhaled sharply.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It was Krum’s hand. She didn’t know when he’d been released from the medical tent, but when she glanced back, she saw that his face expressed exactly the murderous anger Rigel felt flailing helplessly inside her. Muted clapping drew her eyes back to the stage, where Hermione was sitting up. A healer held a wand to her chest, and the girl was visibly struggling to breathe, but she was alive. Rigel slowly unclenched her hands from their death-grip on wood between her and the pitch, and by the time Jacob Owens had climbed the stairs to the champion’s box, Rigel was pretty sure she didn’t want to maim him. Much.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She wasn’t above giving him her best glare as he casually said, “It’s your turn next, isn’t it?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel tucked the anger away, knowing it would not help her in the fight against Antiope. There was no smothering it entirely, however, and it simmered in the back of her mind, ready in case she needed it later.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She felt almost naked stepping up to the platform without a knife in her left hand. Antiope’s sword was, if possible, even more intimidating when the redhead brandished it toward her across the stage. Rigel took a moment before Bagman began his countdown to tighten the long gauntlet on her left hand, grateful that the top plate extended nearly halfway up her forearm. There was no doubt this match would test its workmanship even further than her encounter with the werewolf had.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“-ONE! BEGIN!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope sprinted straight at her. Rigel had been charged by bigger people than her before, and stood her ground. Having seen the redhead dance nimbly around Fleur’s spells, Rigel went for a broader approach. She conjured a net of fine steel links and banished at Antiope in the next breath. The girl sliced through it without stopping, proving beyond a doubt just how wickedly sharp that sword was. Rigel realized with sudden surprise that the girl had checked her strength when she struck Fleur. Otherwise, the sword would have bitten clean through her chest.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">When Antiope was almost on top of her, Rigel called up a swirling cloud of black smoke. Snape had taught her the spell, and the only downside was that without her enchanted glasses, Rigel couldn’t see through it either. It did stop her opponent’s charge, as even Antiope was not reckless enough to run where she couldn’t see. As Rigel was about to take the opportunity to put space between them again, a spell she recognized boiled at her through the black cloud. She ducked beneath it and dove forward to escape the resultant explosion. Her roll took her through the opaque cloud and into Antiope’s booted feet. The girl gave a grunt of surprise and swung at Rigel in wild reflex, but she was ready with a shield that flung the girl back, sword and all, as it bloomed from her wand right into Antiope’s personal space.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel released the shield before it had even fully formed, choosing to press her advantage as Antiope quick-stepped backwards to regain her balance. She cast three stunners with barely a pause, aiming each one in a slightly different place so that the girl could not avoid all three with one move. Antiope’s footwork could have made even Draco blush with envy, though, as she lunged and twisted around the oncoming spells. Her last spell went over Antiope’s head as the stocky girl ducked under it and swung her sword up to try and get under Rigel’s guard.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rather than shield again, Rigel slammed her left hand down and to the side, meeting the blade with her gauntlet and redirecting Antiope’s sword with sheer force. It was more surprise than anything that let her succeed, she thought, as Antiope’s sword bounced off and away. Rigel didn’t waste the second of shock that widened her opponent’s eyes. She shot a stunner point-blank at the girl’s chest and watched, unwillingly impressed, as Antiope’s reflexes took over and the girl fell backwards in a truly beautiful backbend. The girl’s left foot came up with a sweep as she did, and Rigel jumped back a step to avoid a boot to the face.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel could do little more than gape as Antiope reversed her momentum on her right foot alone, her left leg arching forward to force her upright again before joining its pair on the ground in what was, she realized with a disbelieving smile, a perfect dueling stance.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Incredible,” Rigel breathed.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“Shut up.” Antiope cast a Bombarda and Rigel called up a reflecting shield to send it straight back at her. The girl stepped back and to the side to let it sail over her shoulder and impact with a boom against the wards some twenty feet behind her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">There was a brief pause as both girls stared one another down. Rigel wasn’t sure what tactic to use with someone as skilled as Antiope. There would be no getting around her footwork, and she seemed to seamlessly transition between sword and wand when necessary. Rigel would have to surprise her, she thought.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope was clearly resizing Rigel as well. The girl brought her hands together and gripped her sword between both of them, her wand trapped parallel to the sword’s hilt beneath her right palm. With a battle cry, the girl charged again, her chin-length hair flying wildly behind her. If Rigel thought Antiope wouldn’t be able to cast with her wand pinned to the sword pommel, she was mistaken. Before she could consider how to defend against the sword, a stunning spell came jetting toward her along the trajectory of its point.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel hastily got a shield up to intercept the spell. It held easily, but a moment later the sword came whooshing down. Rigel braced herself against the reverberations of such a strong blow impacting the Fortis, but Antiope’s sword barely slowed when it touched the edge of the shimmering shield. Rigel yelped and twisted to the side with enough desperate force to strain several abdominal muscles simultaneously. The sword missed her neck, though, continuing down with enough force to clang against the stone floor as Rigel dragged herself sideways.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She sprinted away from the girl and her shield-eating sword, her heart thumping in her chest at the inexplicably close call. What in Merlin’s name had happened? Rigel had seen Fleur’s shield hold up against Antiope’s sword several times. For that matter, Rigel’s own shield had deflected Antiope’s sword just minutes earlier. What had changed?</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel eyed the redhead across the healthy distance she’d put between them, and her gaze was drawn to the two-handed grip Antiope had on her sword. <em class="calibre5"> That’s it,</em> she thought. She’d switched to a two-handed grip when she broke through Fleur’s shield, too. Something about it gave her sword that extra ability. Rigel had never heard of anything that could just slice through protective magic like that, but then, she was well aware that the world was full of more things than she’d personally catalogued in her short life.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Armed with renewed caution, Rigel cast several Impedimentas in quick succession, hoping that if she could slow the girl down, even for a short period of time, she might gain the upper-hand. Antiope ducked and dipped around each of them without trying. <em class="calibre5"> Perfect footwork,</em> she reminded herself. Ranged attacks gave her too much time to dodge, and close-in combat gave her the advantage. Really, Rigel thought, this task had been made for a witch like Antiope.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Well, Rigel was not afraid of close-dueling either. She cast a few moderate dueling spells, but ultimately allowed Antiope to eliminate the space between them. She met the girl’s next strike with the back of her gauntlet, using her right hand to brace her left and her slight height advantage to bear down on the girl until she disengaged. Antiope audibly growled as she came back for a second strike, this time toward Rigel’s right side. She spun into the attack, dropping her wand from her right hand to her left and using the momentum from her pivot to counter the force of the redhead’s blow, this time with her right gauntlet. She was casting a disarming charm with her left hand before Antiope’s sword had even finished connecting, forcing the girl to let go of the pommel with <em class="calibre5"> her</em> wand hand in order to simultaneously attack and shield.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">As soon as Antiope switched to a one-handed grip on the sword, Rigel summoned her own shield and slammed it against Antiope’s with as much force as she could summon. The redhead, not anticipating the physical assault, cried out as her unanchored shield was slapped backwards into her face. The unmistakable crunch of a broken nose made Rigel wince, but Antiope’s sword descended like an avenging angel, precluding any true remorse.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel spun away from the weapon and took a couple quick steps back to catch her breath. Antiope had blood dripping down her chin, but one wouldn’t know it from the utterly focused look in her eyes. She spat a glob of red spit onto the platform, and Rigel couldn’t help but think that no one should be so careless with their own blood.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope advanced with a vengeance, resuming her two-handed grip and casting with a speed that Rigel spent every ounce of focus keeping up with. Eventually, the girl was close enough to begin slashing at Rigel again, and without the option of a shield, Rigel met every blow with one or both of her gauntlets. Her arms began to shake with the sheer amount of force raining down on them, but she was maneuvering Antiope around the platform all the while. Finally, Rigel reached the position she needed; she flung a Ventus so powerful she could perceive the net change in her core, and it flung Antiope back and down, pressing her into the ground until it dissipated.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">With her opponent temporarily occupied, Rigel dropped into a crouch and dragged her fingers through the congealing wad of red spit that Antiope had abandoned. As she drew an abbreviated rune with the fresh blood on her fingers, she said, “Rigescunt indutae.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope, who had scarcely regained her feet, literally froze. The blood in her veins seized just long enough for Rigel to lunge forward, wrap her gauntleted hand around the sword, and wrest the blade from Antiope’s fingers. The effect of the single-rune magic only lasted a brief moment, not nearly long enough to do the girl any real harm, but it was long enough for Rigel to drop the sword to the ground and cast a sticking charm with a truly vindictive sense of satisfaction.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The first thing Antiope did was try to wandlessly summon the sword. It remained fixed to the stone, and the redhead girl shouted her fury to the sky. She charged, but Rigel thought the girl looked a lot less frightening with only a wand to brandish before her.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope’s entire style depended on her weapon. Without it, her defense had glaring holes, and Rigel took advantage of each and every one. She kept the duel close, so that Antiope had neither time nor space to dodge. Antiope tried several debilitating spells, but without the sword to swing in their wake, Rigel was free to shield or dodge as she preferred; the redhead was good, but Rigel was faster. She whipped spell after spell into Antiope’s defense, and after the sixth over-powered stunner, Antiope’s magic faltered. Rigel saw the shield flicker, and when it failed, she had an Incarcerous waiting. Antiope fell, bound and shortly thereafter disarmed, to the stone.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel stared at her opponent’s wand, resting innocently in the palm on her free hand, and it took her a moment to realize it was over. Then she realized no one was cheering.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“WELL THERE YOU HAVE IT.” Even Bagman seemed vaguely stunned. “BLACK ADVANCES TO THE FINAL ROUND!”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">The applause started slowly, and faded quickly. Rigel was amazed that she still had it in her to care, but something about the lackluster response to her victory set off warning bells in her brain. As the adrenaline receded and full reason returned, Rigel wondered belatedly if blood magic hadn’t been the best way to endear the public to her cause.</p>

    <p class="calibre55"><em class="calibre5"> It’s not as though it was a blood curse or anything permanent,</em> she reasoned. The rune was one she’d found in Dumbledore’s book, <em class="calibre5"> Arrays for the Harried</em>, and she didn’t believe the Headmaster would give her anything dangerous.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">She released Antiope and returned her wand, all the while trying not to quail under the fiery fury in the shorter redhead’s glare. “What kind of dirty trick was that, Black?”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel did not pretend to misunderstand her. “I drew a rune in your blood,” she said, indicating the smudge on the platform that remained. “It wasn’t shed willingly, but that doesn’t mean it holds no power.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Antiope scowled and pointed her wand at the smudge. “Scourgify.” Her expression was still furious, but there was a grudging understanding in her eyes, too, when she looked back at Rigel. “They don’t teach us runes at Chalcioecus. Aside from the trick, you fought well. This wasn’t your first time facing a weaponed duelist.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Rigel smiled, but didn’t respond to the implied question. The two of them made their way toward the stairs, but Bagman’s voice forestalled their descent.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">“THE THREE REMAINING CHAMPIONS WILL EACH DUEL ONE ANOTHER FOR THE FINAL ROUND. THE MATCHES WILL BE: BLACK AND KRUM, KRUM AND OWENS, THEN OWENS AND BLACK.” Rigel suppressed a groan as she realized she’d be dueling again immediately. Antiope gave her a smirk as she continued down the stairs. “THE HIGHEST SCORE WILL BE GIVEN TO EITHER THE COMPETITOR WHO WINS BOTH HIS MATCHES OR THE ONE THE JUDGES DEEM TO HAVE FOUGHT MOST IMPRESSIVELY OVERALL.”</p>

    <p class="calibre55">It didn’t escape Rigel’s notice that she was the only champion who would have to duel four times instead of three. Why couldn’t they give her a by this round and let her duel the winner between Krum and Owens? Riddle really was a sadist, she decided as she turned around and moved back to the center of one side of the platform. She tightened the laces on her boots, gave her muscles a quick stretch, and waited for Krum to take the stage as well.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Krum regarded her warily as he took up a ready stance on the opposite side of the stage. Rigel dipped into a slight crouch and bent her mind to the upcoming duel. She’d seen from his match with Tahiil that Krum was a careful, strategic duelist. He was also well-rested from his break, while her muscles ached from the battering of Antiope’s sword. If she wanted a shot at outlasting him, Rigel would have to keep him at a distance and wear him down with magic.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Grimly, she brandished her wand and waited for Bagman to count them in.</p>

    <p class="calibre55">Three. Two. One.</p>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../../ihon0dvl.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="../../1/titlepage.xhtml">The Pureblood Pretense by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_016.html">Chapter 15</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_017.html">Chapter 16</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_018.html">Chapter 17</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_019.html">Chapter 18</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_020.html">Chapter 19</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_021.html">Chapter 20</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_022.html">Chapter 21</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_023.html">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../1/index_split_024.html">The Black Family Names – Real Facts</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../../2/titlepage.xhtml">The Serpentine Subterfuge by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../2/index_split_016.html#id_End">End</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../../3/titlepage.xhtml">The Ambiguous Artifice by Violet Matter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_001.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_002.html">Chapter 1</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_003.html">Chapter 2</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_004.html">Chapter 3</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_005.html">Chapter 4</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_006.html">Chapter 5</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_007.html">Chapter 6</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_008.html">Chapter 7</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_009.html">Chapter 8</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_010.html">Chapter 9</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_011.html">Chapter 10</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_012.html">Chapter 11</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_013.html">Chapter 12</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_014.html">Chapter 13</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_015.html">Chapter 14</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_016.html">Chapter 15</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_017.html">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../3/index_split_017.html#id_End">End</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="../titlepage.xhtml">The Futile Façade by murkybluematter</a>
      <ul>
        <li>
          <a href="../cover.xhtml">Cover</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../titlepage.html">Title Page</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../summary.html">Summary</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_1.xhtml">1. Healing</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_2.xhtml">2. Correspondence</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../chap_3a.xhtml">3a. Seifer's Solution</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_3.xhtml">3b. The Free Dueling Tournament</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_4.xhtml">4. The Quidditch World Cup</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_5.xhtml">5. Acknowledgement</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_6.xhtml">6. Allegiances</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_7.xhtml">7. Negotiations</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_8.xhtml">8a. Weighing of the Wands</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../chap_8b.xhtml">8b. The Forbidden Forest</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_9.xhtml">9. Blood Wards</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_10.xhtml">10a. Freebrewing</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../chap_10b.xhtml">10b. The Rod of Zuriel</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_11.xhtml">11. Champion of Charity: Rigel Black Gives Back</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_12.xhtml">12. Ascending</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_13.xhtml">13. The Final Task</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_14.xhtml">Who is RBC?</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="chap_15.xhtml">Epilogue</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="chap_9.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../../ihon0dvl.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="../chap_10b.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
